ARAMARKNovember 23, 2011 Workforce Development Agency, State of Michigan Healthcare Workforce Investment Act Section Victor Office Center 201 N. Washington Sq., 5th Floor RECEr-J;:~DLansing, Michigan 48913 NOV23 20\\Re: 	Notice of Facility Closing ARAMARK Healthcare @ Hemy Ford Hospital WIA Retail Cafe and Patient Food Services WORKFORCEPROGRAMS 2799 W. Grand Blvd. 
Detroit, MI 48202 
Ladies and Gentlemen: ARAMARK Healthcare ("ARAMARK") was recently htfonned that it would not be retained to provide patient food services and retail cafe food se1vices at Hemy Ford Hospital. As a result, ARAMARK will pennanently close its patient food services and retail cafe operations at Henry Ford Hospital on January 31, 2012 and permanently terminate the employment of its employees assigned to duty in patient food se1vices and the retail cafe on such date. Accordingly, we are sending you this notice to satisfy the requirements of the Federal Worker Adjustment and Retraining Notification ("WARN'') Act, 29 U.S.C. ¤2101, et seq. While we have not determined that WARN is applicable to this closing, we are providing this notice in the event WARN is deemed to apply. WARN requires that we notify you of the following: 1. 	As a result of the closing described above, ARAMARK expects to 
permanently terminate its employees at Henry Ford Hospital -retail cafe 
and patient food services. 
2. 	The specific job titles of our employees affected by this facility closing, 
including numbers in each classification is as follows: 
Jobcode Description No. of Employees Cashier I Cook 8 Diet Aide 1 Food Service Worker 97 Lead Cook 1 Office Worker/Clerk 2 Chef 1 Supervisor 3 Catering Manager I Production Manager 1 Patient Services Manager I Human Resources Manager I Director of Patient Operations 1 Retail Director I 3. 	There are no bumping rights applicable to these employees. 4. 	Our employees affected by this facility closing are not represented by a union. If you have any questions, please contact me at (800) 333-6678 x25 l l. Sincerely, Amanda Goodness Region Human Resources Manager ARAMARK Healthcare 