tii.J\A. WORKFORCEPROGRAMS November 2, 2011 
Stephanie Beckhorn 
Manager -Workforce Investment Act 
Victor Office Center 
201 N. Washington Sq., 5th Floor 
Lansing, MI 48913 
Dear Stephanie Beckhorn, We're contacting you today to inform you about the launch of two new companies that will house all our operations from this point forward in Michigan and to deliver information as required by federal Worker Adjustment and Retraining Notification Act {"WARN"). One new company, the MLive Media Group, will encompass all content, sales, and marketing operations for all our digital and print properties in Michigan. Another new company, Advance Central Services -also based in Michigan -will be a shared services company, the engine providing all production, distribution, purchasing, accounting, human resources, and other critical support functions for the MLive Media Group. These two companies -along with Advance Digital, who will continue to serve as the innovation engine behind the growth and development of an array of our products and services -will work hand-in-hand to deliver on the promise of our business in Michigan: to serve communities around the state with the highest quality news and information of the moment. We will collaborate with the communities we serve, the employees who work with us, the advertisers we partner with, and the users and readers who count on the news and information we provide. Our future will be grounded in the principles that made us who we are today, shaped by what we'll learn together, and driven by a desire to do what's right for our readers, our employees, our advertisers, and the communities of Michigan we serve -and today is just the beginning. Many employees will have a place in the MLive Media Group or Advance Central  Services.  However,  that  will not  be  the  case  for  every  employee,  so  layoff  notices  are  being  sent  to  those  not  initially  selected.  Throughout  this  process  we'll treat  all our employees  with  the professionalism  and  respect  they  deserve. We are providing this notice to satisfy the requirements of the federal Worker Adjustment and Retraining Notification Act ("WARN"). Thus, The Grand Rapids Press, located at 155 Michigan St. NW, Grand Rapids, will be terminating 146 employees on January 2, 2012. No employees are represented by unions and no employees have bumping rights. Listed below are the job titles and number of employees in each title whose employment will be terminated. Emplsin  Job Title  Each Title  Advertising Designer  1  Advertising Representative  4  Assistant Editor  2  Call Center Sales Rep.  4  Circulation Service Assistant  2  Copy Editor  3  Customer Service Rep  10  Editorial Clerk  ~  10  HR Assistant  1  Inside Contract Sales Rep  1  Janitor  2  Library Archivist  3  library Clerk  1  Photographer 3 Product Sales Specialist 1 Reporter Special 2 Reporters Experienced 13 Retail Sales Manager 2 Sales Assistant 8 Senior Editorial Clerk 2 Senior Manager 1 Stock Room Attendant 1 Videographer 1 Circulation Service Assistant 11 Circulation Service Assistant 12 Depot Manager 1 Customer Service Rep 1 District Sales Manager 1 Asst. Truck Driving Supervisor 2 Circulation Service Assistant 2 Clerk 1 Depot Driver Required CDL 13 Executive Secretary 1 Fleet Manager 1 Insert Handler 1 Janitor 1 Packaging Inserter 2 Packaging Operator 7 Press Assistant 2 Press Operator 1 Pressroom Manager 1 6 Single Copy Coordinator 1 Production Assistan át\~ If you would like further information, please contact me at (616) 222.5818. Very truly yours, Dan Gaydou 