á-.--á 
PATIUOTlRECEIVED 
NOVO7 20\\ WIA MS WORKFORCEPROGRA November 2, 2011 
Stephanie Beckhorn 
Manager -Workforce Investment Act 
Victor Office Center 
201 N. Washington Sq., 5th Floor 
Lansing, MI 48913 
Dear Stephanie Beckhorn, We're contacting you today to inform you about the launch of two new companies that will house all our operations from this point forward in Michigan and to deliver information as required by federal Worker Adjustment and Retraining Notification Act ("WARN"). One new company, the MLive Media Group, will encompass all content, sales, and marketing operations for all our digital and print properties in Michigan. Another new company, Advance Central Services -also based in Michigan -will be a shared services company, the engine providing all production, distribution, purchasing, accounting, human resources, and other critic(:\} support functions for the MLive Media Group. These two companies -along with Advance Digital, who will continue to serve as the innovation engine behind the growth and development of an array of our products and services -will work hand-in-hand to deliver on the promise of our business in Michigan: to serve communities around the state with the highest quality news and information of the moment. We will collaborate with the communities we serve, the employees who work with us, the advertisers we partner with, and the users and readers who count on the news and information we provide. Our future will be grounded in the principles that made us who we are today, shaped by what we'll learn together, and driven by a desire to do what's /7// 
// // right for our readers, our employees, our advertisers, and the communities of Michigan we serve -and today is just the beginning. Many employees will have a place in the MLive Media Group or Advance Central Services. However, that will not be the case for every employee, so layoff notices are being sent to those not initially selected. Throughout this process we'll treat all our employees with the professionalism and respect they deserve. We are providing this notice to satisfy the requirements of the federal Worker Adjustment and Retraining Notification Act ("WARN"}. Thus, The Jackson Citizen Patriot, located at 214 South Jackson, Jackson, will be terminating 71 employees on January 2, 2012. No employees are represented by unions and no employees have bumping rights. Listed below are the job titles and number of employees in each title whose employment will be terminated. Empls in Each Job Title Title Acct Administration 1 2Advertising Representative Advertising Sales Manager Advertorial Writer/Pg Designer Area Manager Asst Area Manager Benefits Administrator Call Center Rep -Circulation Clerk Consumer Marketing Coordinator Copy Editor I Copy Editor II Copy Editor, Experienced Customer SrvceRepresentative Day/Night Editor Direct Marketing Sales Rep Distribution Coordinator 1 1 1 2 1 3 3 1 4 2 1 8 1 2 1 Driver  4  Editorial Clerk  3  Level I Technicain  1  Mailroom  Clerk  1  Multi  Media Specialist  4  Photographer  I  2  Pre-Press Clerk  2  Pre press Supervisor  1  Production Clerk  1  Reporter Experienced  3  Reporter I  1  Reporter II  2  Sales Support Specialist  1  SalesAssistant  3  Sports Clerk Writer  2  Sports Reporter  2  System Specialist  1  Systems Analyst  1  Systems Supervisor  1  If you would like further information, please contact me at (616) 222.5818. Very truly yours, Dan Gaydou 