.----... KALAMAZOO 
RECEIVEDG~~II~ NOVO 7 2011 www.mllve.com/kalamazoo WIA WORKFORCEPROGRAMS November 2, 2011 
Stephanie Beckhorn 
Manager -Workforce Investment Act 
Victor Office Center 
201 N. Washington Sq., 5th Floor 
Lansing, MI 48913 
Dear Stephanie Beckhorn, We're contacting you today to inform you about the launch of two new companies that will house all our operations from this point forward in Michigan and to deliver information as required by federal Worker Adjustment and Retraining Notification Act ("WARN"). One new company, the MLive Media Group, will encompass all content, sales, and marketing operations for all our digital and print properties in Michigan. Another new company, Advance Central Services -also based in Michigan -will be a shared services company, the engine providing all production, distribution, purchasing, accounting, human resources, and other critical support functions for the MLive Media Group. These two companies -along with Advance Digital, who will continue to serve as the innovation engine behind the growth and development of an array of our products and services -will work hand-in-hand to deliver on the promise of our business in Michigan: to serve communities around the state with the highest quality news and information of the moment. We will collaborate with the communities we serve, the employees who work with us, the advertisers we partner with, and the users and readers who count on the news and information we provide. Our future will be grounded in the principles that made us who we are today, shaped by what we'll learn together, and driven by a desire to do what's GAZfflE
BEST LOCAL CONNECTION www.mlive.com/kalamazoo right for our readers, our employees, our advertisers, and the communities of Michigan we serve -and today is just the beginning. Many employees will have a place in the MLive Media Group or Advance Central Services. However, that will not be the case for every employee, so layoff notices are being sent to those not initially selected. Throughout this process we'll treat all our employees with the professionalism and respect they deserve. We are providing this notice to satisfy the requirements of the federal Worker Adjustment and Retraining Notification Act (''WARW'). Thus, Kalamazoo Gazette, located at 401 South Burdick, Kalamazoo, will be terminating 77 employees on January 2, 2012. No employees are represented by unions and no employees have bumping rights. Listed below are the job titles and number of employees in each title whose employment will be terminated. Em pis  in Each  Job Title  Title  Account Executive  1  Administrative  Assistant  1  Administrative  Associate  1  Reporter  1  Ad Designer/Specialist  5  Administrative  Assistant  7  Administrative  Coordinator  1  Advertising Composition Superv  1  Advertorial  Content Center Mgr  1  Advertorial  Designer  1  Assignment Editor I  1  Assignment Editor Ill  2  Circulation Clerk  1  Circulation Driver  3  Circulation Office Supervisor  1  Clerk  2  Copy Editor I  2  GAZffiE
BEST LOCAL CONNECTION www.mllve.com/kalamazoo Customer Service Rep.  6  Director of Marketing  1  District Sales Manager  3  Editor  1  Editorial Assistant  2  Electronic Technician I  1  Electronic Technician II  1  Executive Assistant  2  Inside Sales Solictor  3  Photographer I  1  Photographer II  1  Publisher  1  Reporter I  1  Reporter II  4  Retail Sales Manager  1  Sales -Outside  3  Sales Support Specialist  1  Section Manager  5  Service Assistant  4  Site Specialist (KA)  1  Sports Aide  2  If you would like further information, please contact me at (616} 222.5818. Very truly yours, ~,l,~~ Dan Gaydou 