á-á-á 
THE BAY CITY TIMES 
RECEIVf~D NOVO 7 2011 Wt.A . WORKFORCEPROGRAMS November 2, 2011 
Stephanie Beckhorn 
Manager -Workforce Investment Act 
Victor Office Center 
201 N. Washington Sq., 5th Floor 
Lansing, MI 48913 
Dear Stephanie Beckhorn, We're contacting you today to inform you about the launch of two new companies that will house all our operations from this point forward in Michigan and to deliver information as required by federal Worker Adjustment and Retraining Notification Act ("WARN"). One new company, the MLive Media Group, will encompass all content, sales, and marketing operations for all our digital and print properties in Michigan. Another new company, Advance Central Services -also based in Michigan -will be a shared services company, the engine providing all production, distribution, purchasing, accounting, human resources, and other critical support functions for the MLive Media Group. These two companies -along with Advance Digital, who will continue to serve as the innovation engine behind the growth and development of an array of our products .and services -will work hand-in-hand to deliver on the promise of our busines¤ in Michigan: to serve communities around the state with the highest quality news and information of the moment. We will collaborate with the communities we serve, the employees who work with us, the advertisers we partner with, and the users and readers who count on the news and information we provide. Our future will be grounded in the principles that made us who we are today, shaped by what we'll learn together, and driven by a desire to do what's right for our readers, our employees, our advertisers, and the communities of Michigan we serve -and today is just the beginning. á1 
; 1THE BAYCITY TIMES Many employees will have a place in the MLive Media Group or Advance Central Services. However, that will not be the case for every employee, so layoff notices are being sent to those not initially selected. Throughout this process we'll treat all our employees with the professionalism and respect they deserve. We are providing this notice to satisfy the requirements of the federal Worker Adjustment and Retraining Notification Act ("WARN"). Thus, The Bay City Times, located at 311 5th Street, Bay City, will be terminating 71 employees on Januruy 2, 2012. No employees are represented by unions and no employees have bumping rights. Listed below are the job titles and number of employees in each title whose employment will be terminated. Em pis in Each Job Title Title Account Executive I 7 Account Executive II 1 5 Acct Executive, Experienced Account Executive Senior 1 Administrator I 5 1Administrator II 2Administrator, Experienced 1Advertising Director Building Technician I 1 2Building Technician II 2 Chief Production Officer Cashier 1 Community Editor I 1 5Content Specialist Experienced Content Specialist I 1 1Content Specialist II 1Department Assistant II Graphic Designer Experienced 1 5Graphic Designer I Graphic Designer II 5 1Graphic Designer Senior -7 
// /fHE BAY CITY TIMES / // Photographer Experienced  1  Reporter Experienced  1  Reporter I  9  Reporter II  2  Sales Rep-Inside Classified I  4  Sales Rep-Inside Classified II  1  Sr Content Specialist  1  Supervisor-Regional Call Cntr  1  Topic Editor-Features  1  If you would like further information, please contact me at (616) 222.5818. Very truly yours, ~,i~~ Dan Gaydou 