July 7, 2008 Delivered via E-mail The Honorable Ted Strickland Governor, State of Ohio 77 South High Street Columbus, OH 43215 RE: Worker Adjustment and Retraining Notification (WARN) Act Notice Dear Governor Strickland: As you know, American Airlines and the airline industry continue to suffer losses due to the challenges with which our airline is contending. Soaring fuel costs combined with a weakening economy require that we review every aspect of our network and service infrastructure. It is quite clear that we can no longer operate our airline at its current levels. This reality has forced us to make some very tough, but immediate decisions to secure American's future. We must quickly reduce our operating schedule for the coming months and, as a result, will need fewer people to operate the airline. We are sending you this letter to comply with the Federal Worker Adjustment and Retraining Notification Act ("WARN"). This letter is to inform you that we will affect the employment of a number of American Airlines employees in Columbus, Ohio on or around September 5, 2008. In accordance with this reduction, we expect a total employment loss of approximately 55 employees. Below is a breakdown of the job classifications and number of employees in each classification that may suffer an "employment loss" as defined by WARN: 1  Management  1  Support Staff  53  Fleet Service/Crew Chief  The Port Columbus International Airport (CMH) facility is located at the following address: American Airlines, Inc. 4600 International Gateway Columbus, Ohio 43219 American Airlines Fleet Service/Crew Chiefs employees are represented by the following labor union: Transport Workers Union of America, AFL-CIO Air Transport Division James C. Little, Director 1791 Hurstview Dr. Hurst, TX 76054 Involuntary reductions in force will be governed by the terms of the collective bargaining agreements (if applicable) and corporate policy, including the seniority lists and any provisions regarding "bumping rights." We expect that these job reductions will be permanent. This is all of the information we have at this time. If you have any questions, please contact Tiffany Schildge, Manager-Talent Services, at (817)963-7684. Sincerely, / сс~..-," Kevin Cox Vice President -State and Community Affairs 