Direct Energy 
Honorable Mayor Michael B. Coleman 
Mr. Jim Turner 
Re: 	Permanent Layoff of Employees 
Direct Energy, Inc. 
Dear Honorable Mayor Michael B. Coleman and Mr. Turner: As a result of a recent acquisition and related reorganization, Direct Energy will be laying off individuals at our Dublin facility located at 5400 Frantz Road, #350, Dublin OH, 43016. The affected employees will be permanently laid off. This is not a complete closure of that facility. In an abundance of caution whether the Workers Adjustment and Retraining Notification Act (WARN) is applicable or not, Direct Energy is providing this WARN Notice to you in a manner consistent with WARN and the alternative form of notice outlined therein. Additionally, Direct Energy is voluntarily providing each affected employee their applicable compensation and welfare benefits for the entire sixty day period following the separation of the affected employee from employment with the Company. Direct Energy is also providing outplace support to the affected employees. Therefore, Direct Energy is complying with any applicable obligation to affected employees in the remote possibility that WARN were to apply. Direct Energy has designated myself, Lorinda Ulmer, Human Resources Manager, as the contact person_regarding this WARN NOTICE and any related layoffs that may occur subsequent to the first expected date of separation listed herein. I can be reached at 412-394-6612. The first anticipated separation of employees is expected to be sometime during the 14 day period beginning on July 1, 2008 and anticipated to affect approximately 3 employees. All information as outlined under WARN will be maintained by Direct Energy, updated as the facts and circumstances become more clear and provided to you upon request. It is because of our concern for these affected employees and the inability to be completely precise and accurate as to the number of layoffs, related dates and number of employees affected that Direct Energy is providing the applicable sixty days of compensation and benefits, as well as outplacement support to each affected employee. Direct Energy has no established bumping rights system and none will be utilized in any layoff Similarly none of the employees are represented by a union/employee representative to whom notice is to be provided to or whose name and address are to be provided to you. Respectfully yours, &2JW'dtLwrwc. Lorinda Ulmer Human Resources Manager cc. Henry L. Solano, Esq. Dewey & LeBoeuf LLP 