NOTICE TO THE STATE OF OHIO'S DISWCATED WORKERS UNIT Mr. Jim Turner Chief, Rapid Response Section Ohio Department of Job andFamily Services 4020 E. 5th Avenue Columbus,OH 43219 Re:Acuity BrandsLighting Dear Mr. Turner: As we have notified Ms. Tamara Mason, President, IBEW Local 1853, andthe Union's negotiating committee, Acuity Brands Lighting bas announced that it is giving serious considerationto permanentclosureof its Newark, Ohio assembly operation. subject, however, to the results of the collective bargaining negotiations between the Company andLocal 1853 over the Company'sdecision to close. Those negotiations havealready commenced. This noticeof plant closing is issued pursuantto the Final Rule Implementing the Worker Adjustment and Retraining Notification Act (WARN), andSection 639.7(a)(3) of the Rule, which contemplates that notice may be given conditional upon the occurrence or nonoccurrence of an event. In our case, the event is the result of the collective bargaining negotiations, and if collective bargaining negotiationsdo not result in an agreement to keep the assembly plant open, the plant will close. In the event that after collectivebargainingnegotiationsthe Companyproceeds with permanent closure of the Newark, Ohio assembly facility, the first groupof employees will be separated during the 14-day period beginning December 16, 2008. Other employees will be separated after the 14áday period, and appropriate additional notices contemplated by WARN' s Final Rule, Section 639 .10, will be provided. . The name and address of the site where the plant closing will occur follows: Holophane Acuity Brands Lighting 214 Oakwood Ave. Newark, OH 43055 The job titles of affected positions and the numbers of affected employees in each job classlftcation: A list of all positions and the numbers of affected employees in each job classification that will 
be affected by the separations commencing December 16, 2008 is enclosed as Exhibit A. 
Bumping rights: 1 
Employees will be selected for separation consistent with the terms of the Collective Bargaining Agreementand any specificagreement reached pursuant to collective bargaining negotiations withLocal 1853;ffiEW. Name and address of chief elected officer of the Union representing affected employees: Ms. Tamara Mason IBEW Local 1853 Holophane 214 Oakwood Ave. Newark, OH Name and telephone number of Company official to contact for further information: PamelaR. Watkins Director of Human Resources AcuityBrandsLighting 740á349-4136 2 
EXIDBITA 
AFFECTED JOBS AND NUMBER OF EMPLOYEES IN EACH CLASSIFICATION Production/ Assembly Employees-60 GroupLeads -20 Janitors-I Packaging employees -I Crib attendants (package label printers) -2 Production supervisors -2 Employee Health and Safety Manager-1 WarehouseSupervisor -1 Sr. Project Manager -1 Plant Engineer -1 Quality Control Rep.s -3 Purchasing Agent -1 Buyer/Planners -4 Purchasing Clerk 1 Inventory Analyst -l Shipping Clerk -1 Human Resources Specialist -1 Mail.roomattendant -1 Plant controller -l Plant Accountants -J Mgr of Plant Accounting -1 3 
