No. 1207 P. 3/4 Apr. 4. 2008 6:34PM skybus facsimil e skybus~ 
April 4, 2008 JohnWeber, Bureau Chief Bureau ofWIA Ohio Department of Job and Family Services P.O.Box 1618 
Columbus, Ohio 43216-1618 
Jim Tu.mer, Chief Rapid Response Section Bureau of Workforce Services Ohio Department of Job and Family Services Workforce Adjustment and Retraining Notification 4020East 5thAvenue Columbus, Ohio 43219 To Whom it MayConcern: This letter is being issued in accordance with The Worker Adjustment and Retraining Notification Act (WARN)in order to notify you that Skybus Airlines Inc. is permanently closing its facility located at 4324 East 5th Avenue, Columbus, Ohio, 27409 effective April 7, 2008. This will result in the layoff of approximately 138 pilots, 111 flight attendants, and 116 technical /administrative employees as of that date, Skybus Airlines is not pa11 of a union. We were not able to announce this closm-e earlier because Skybus has been actively seeking new capital in order to avoid this closing and resulting layoffs; however, any such advance notice would have prevented the Company from obtaining the needed capital. The Company made efforts through today to obtain additional financing or investments that, if successful, would have prevented or delayed the closing of the facility, but earlier notice would have stymied those efforts which is why longer notice is not required under WARN, 29 U.S.C. Sec. 1202. In addition, unforseeable economic circtuustances prevent us from continuing operations, Additionally, as a fiduciary acting in a liquidating capacity, more advance notice was not possible. Skybus further suffered from the twin effects of the unexpected and unparalleled rise in the C.ost of fuel and the slowiug economi1,; environment. These two issues proved to be insurmountable for a start-up canier. Every effort was made up to and including today to raise the additional capital required to continue operations, All employees have been notified. ~J~ Fl~kerson 
Vice President, People 
614-947-3005 
No.1207 P. 4/4 Apr. 4. 2008 6: 34PM skybus facs imile skybus~ 
April 4, 2008 Subject: NOTICE OF LAYOFF DUE TO COMPANY CLOSING Dear Fellow Skybus Airlines Employee: To the extent that the Worker Adjustment and Retraining Notification ("WARN") Act applies, you are hereby notified of a planned employment loss in the fo1mof the closing of our facilities and cessation of operations due to the closing of Sky bus Airlines, Inc. As a result of these closings, employees at our Ohio and North Carolina operations hubs are being terminated. The shutdown transition will be accomplished in phases,with the first anticipated employment loss beginning approximately April 7, 2008, All positions with the company will be eliminated in the following weeks and months, though we cannot provide an exact schedule at this time. The company cmrently employs 450persons out of its two Focus Cities in Greensboro, North Carolina and Colwnbus, Ohio. Employees laid off may be eligible to receive state unemployment compensation. We realize that this announcement may come as a sm-prise to you. We did not announce this closure earlier because every attempt was being made to find solutions by actively seeking new capital through additional investment, and those discussions continued through this afternoon. If successful, these attempts would have prevented the Companfs closure. Unfortunately) we learned this afternoon that those attempts to obtain additional capital financing were not successful. Earlier notice would have stymied these efforts, which is why longer notice may not be required under WARN. 29 U,S.C. ¤ 1202. I am saddened that this decision had to be made. But as you know, rising jet fuel costs and a slowing economic environment are things you and I had no control over. Each of you has worked very bard at improving performance and reducing cost to make Skybus a place we could all be proud of. I am proud of each of you and grateful that I was given the opportunity to becomefriends and work with each of you. If there is anything I can do to help you during this transition please let me know. If you have any questions that have not been answered please direct them to me at 614-947-3005. Sincerely, ~~ 
Floyd Nickerson 
Vice President, People 
