lfl1""8ML¨fAMS,IM:. c5atmllfe cSautter OShould c5aeo&mtjfol¨ February 22, 2010 Ms. Chong-Anna Canfora 
Director, Rapid Response Unit 
Michigan Department of Labor & Economic Growth 
611 West Ottawa, 4th Floor, 
PO Box 30004 
Lansing, Ml 48909 
Dear Ms. Chong-Anna Canfora, Attached is the Warn Notice required by federal law. I would like to take this opportunity to 
explain the circumstances which have prompted this action. 
On April 261h we are launching a new package and associated production system that will help 
the Company's long-term viability. This new package and system will: 
¥ 	Take advantage of Intellectual Property developed ¥ 	Increase product quality ¥ 	Lower costs for customers ¥ 	Reduce our impact on the environment (we will be eliminating nearly two-hundred thousand pounds of plastic waste per year) We are adding 10 higher paying, full-time positions to support the new system. While there are many benefits to the new package, there is also a downside. As a result of the improvements, we are reducing our workforce. The details on the number of employees affected are in the Warn Notice. What is not evident from the Notice is that this has been a difficult and complex decision. Our mission is to enrich lives, and we fully understand the consequences for our employees and their families. That's why we began to communicate these changes early and often. In August, we notified the affected departments that jobs might be eliminated, and we have provided monthly communication updates. We also began hiring temporary workers for any open positions that had to be. filled. Our first priority is our employees, and we are providing them with a number of support 
programs to help them transition to the next phase of their career. 
Thanks for taking the time to understand this situation. Sincerely, ~l~~ 	RECEIVED IN David Riemersma FEB.24 2010 President 
Butterball Farms, Inc. 
RAPIDRESPONSE 1435 Buchanan SW¥ Grand Rapids, Ml 49507 ¥ P 616.243.01051888-8-BUTIER ¥ www.butterballbutter.com ¥ F 616.243.9169 USDAApproved Facirny. a licensed of the Butterball@ Company. KoPackaging ButterbaA@is lrademar1< Tur1<ey WARN NOTICE OF MASS PERMANENT REDUCTION IN FORCE TO 
EMPLOYEES 
STATE OF MICHIGAN RAPID REPONSE UNIT AND MAYOR OF THE CITY 
OF GRAND RAPIDS, MI 
Under federal law (the Worker Adjustment and Retraining Notification Act, or "WARN") employers can be required to give employees sixty days notice of a mass permanent reduction in force which affects more than one third of our Workforce. Due to significant changes in our business and the way Butterball Farms does business we expect to have a permanent reduction in force of approximately 60 employees who work in the follo\,ing job titles: Line Production workers, Team Leaders, ZED room operators, Sanitation operators, and Rework Technicians. The number of employees affected in each job classification is as follows: Line Production workers 51 Team Leaders 2 ZED room operators 4 Sanitation operators 1 Rework Technicians 2 We expect that this reduction in force will begin on April 26, 20 IO and be concluded by May 10, 2010 (14 DAY PERIOD). The reductions will be permanent and there are no bumping rights. This Notice may be updated and supplemented as soon as further reliable information becomes available. The Company official to contact for further information is Bonnie Mroczek, V.P. of Human Resources, telephone number (616) 243-0105. Butterball Farms Dated: February 23, 2010 