November 4, 201 O Chong-Anna Canfora, Director Rapid Response Section 461 West Huron St. Michigan Depaiiment of Labor and Economic Growth Pontiac, Ml 48341 611 West Ottawa Street, 4th Floor 	Tel: (248) 857-7200 www.dhofm.comLansing, MI 48933 RE: WARN Notification Dear Ms. Canfora: Doctors' Hospital of Michigan is engaged in serious efforts to restructure its organization and/or sell its facility. As in all negotiations or efforts nothing is guaranteed and for that reason, we must inform you that, should those efforts fail, Doctors' Hospital of Michigan could cease all operations and/or lay-off all or a large portion of its employees, totaling 690. In compliance with the Worker Adjustment and Retraining Notification Act (WARN), 29 U.S.C. 2101 et seq., this letter serves as 60 days advance notice of a potential facility closing or potential mass layoff, within the meaning of WARN, at: Doctors' Hospital of Michigan 461 West Huron Pontiac, Ml 48341 (248) 857-7200 The entire Doctors' Hospital of Michigan (DHM) may be closed on a permanent basis or may have a mass layoff. The expected changes mentioned would occur as early as January 3, 2011 and it is expected that all employees will be affected during the closing or restructuring. Some of the affected hourly employees at OHM are represented by one of the following unions: ¥ 	Professional Registered Nurse Organization/UAW, Local 6911; Doctors' Hospital of Michigan; 
The contact person is Mary Gamble. 
¥ 	AFSCME Council 25, Local 100, Doctors' Hospital of Michigan; The contact person is Ken Lewis; 
and 
¥ 	Michigan Association of Police, Doctors' Hospital of Michigan; The contact person is Russell 
Jefferson. 
We expect that "bumping" rights, which exist for the Professional Registered Nurse Organization bargaining unit employees only, will be inapplicable because all employees will be affected by the closing or restructuring. However, to the extent that bumping rights may remain applicable for some employees, OHM will honor such rights to the extent required by its collective bargaining agreements. No "bumping~ rights exist for employees not subject to a collective bargaining agreement. Notice has been provided to the respective unions. Additionally, the affected non-bargaining unit employees are not represented by a labor organization and no "bumping rights" exist for employees not subject to a collective bargaining agreement. Notice has been provided to all affected non-bargaining unit employees. The names, job classifications, and the current number of potential affected employees are contained and readily available on site. RECEIVED IN NOV08 2010 RAPIDRESPONSE Chong-Anna Canfora, Director November 4, 2010 Page 2 We are hopeful that for any individuals that may be affected by the closure or mass layoff, assistance in finding new employment may be available through the Michigan Department of Labor and Economic Growth, Bureau of Workforce Programs, Rapid Response Section. We will also do anything internally, that we are able to do, to find placement for individuals that may be affected. The contact person for the Company is Melinda Lyons, whose telephone number is (248) 857 .7123. Please direct any questions or requests for further information to Ms. Lyons. As always, you can contact me as well. Sincerely, Docto. rs' Hospital ofli higan ,,,,----r(?n' _)~ Clarence Sevillian President and CEO 