Saginaw Plant 1860 S. Jefferson Saginaw, Ml 48601 Tel: (989) 754-3300 Fax: (989) 754-3301 http://www. meansindustries. comBY-.= ONE¥WAY CLUTCHES ¥ CLUTCH PLATES & CLUTCH PACKS ¥ PRECISION STAMPINGS & ASSEMBLIES March 25, 2010 All Bargaining Unit and Salaried Employees, In 2009 Means issued written WARN notices and updated employees at its monthly All Employee Meetings (AEMs) on WARN issues and the impending significant downsizing of the Saginaw Plant. We have continued to share updates on GM's re-sourcing of its business and other work product re-sourcing. With the loss of significant Nexteer (formerly Delphi) business, the TRW splash-shields, and GM's re--sourcing decision, this will almost certainly result in substantial permanent layoffs of hourly and salaried employees that will start to significantly impact us in May of 201 O th rough late summer of 201o. Despite the loss of signficant business, we will stm have South Jefferson manufacturing operations. We also expect to negotiate a successor labor contract with the UAW in September of 201 O that addresses the needs of a much smaller, more focused business that still needs to be competitive on work rules, wages and benefit costs. Meanwhile, the seniority~ based labor contract provisions that govern reductions in force will continue to apply. WARN A permanent layoff of 50 or more employees could implicate WARN. While we cannot say with certainty that Means Industries will find It necessary to permanently lay off 50 or more workers within the next 60 days, such is a possibility. Eventually, the plant represented population may shrink by mid to late this summer to as small as 40 and salaried staff may shrink to 13, depending on the smoothness of our customer's efforts at re-sourcing. Therefore, please consider this Jetteras eodays written notice to you under WARN that youare subject to potential indefinite layoff from Means Industries. in the event you were to fall subject to an indefinite layoff within the next 60 days, you will be notified accordingly. We recognize that changes of this nature are disruptive and disquieting. In giving, and 1n having continued to give this advance WARN notice at monthly all employee meetings, we hope that you will be able to make better personal plans. that Meanswilt be able to help its workers make more orderly transitions, and that Means can count on your continued adherence to high work standards for the sake of our customers and our remaining employees. To be successful tong term and to achieve future sales and employment recovery, we will still need to maintain quality and to meet our customer's schedules during this diffluclt period of refocusing and reduction. We have arranged for an outplacement finn to provide job search training and we will schedule that training in the upcoming months. We have had the appropriate State agencies visit us to explain their job search and training services as welt These services will be available to employees who are affected by an indefinite layoff. Very truly yours, 1L-,-t~-J2-. Tom Essenmacher Director of Manufacturing cc: 	Workforce Transition Unit UAW Local 455 Unit 11, Attention, Bill Waters. Chairman UAW Local 455 Unit 11, Attention, Chad Wurtzel, International Representative Honorable Joyce Seals, Mayor of Saginaw /; .,. 	.á,', Saginaw Plant 1660 S. Jefferson Saginaw. Ml 46601 Tel: (969) 754-3300 Fax: (969) 754-3301 http://www.meansindustries.com ONE-WAY CLUTCHES ¥ CLUTCH PLATES &CLUTCH PACKS ¥ PRECISION STAMPINGS &ASSEMBLIES August 21, 2009 All Bargaining Unit and Salaried Employees, Means has learned from GM that it will resource its business to Steel Parts (and perhaps one or more other vendors) and that this move could be rapid. With the loss of significant Delphi business and GM's resourcing decision, this will almost certainly result in substantial layoffs of hourly and salaried employees. Despite the loss of signficant Delphi and GM business, we will still have S. Jefferson manufacturing operations. We also expect to negotiate a successor labor contract with the UAW in September of 2010 that addresses the needs of a much smaller, more focused business that still needs to be competitive on work rules, wages and benefit costs. Meanwhile, the seniority-based labor contract provisions that govern reductions in force will continue to apply. A temporary lay off of six months or less does not implicate the federal Worker Adjustment and Retraining Notification Act ("WARN"). However, a permanent layoff of 50 or more employees could implicate WARN. While we cannot say with certainty that Means Industries will find ii necessary to permanently lay off 50 or more workers within the next 60 days, such is a distinct possibility. Therefore, please consider this letter as 60 days written notice lo you under WARN that you are subject lo potential indefinite layoff from Means Industries. In the event you were to fall subject to an indefinite layoff within the next 60 days, you will be notified accordingly. We recognize that changes of this nature are disruptive and disquieting. In giving this advance WARN notice, we hope that you will be able to make better personal plans. that Means will be able to help its workers make more orderly transitions, and that Means can count on your continued adherence lo high work standards for the sake of our customers and our remaining employees. To be successful long term and to achieve future sales and employment recovery, we will still need to maintain quality and to meet our customer's schedules during this diffiuclt period of refocusing and reduction. Very truly yours, ~-c, L----~-;:2_/.. Tom Essenmacher Director of Manufacturing cc: 	Workforce Transition Unit UAW Local 455 Unit 11, Attention, Bill Waters, Chairman UAW Local 455 Unit 11, Attention, Chad Wurtzel, International Representative Honorable Joyce Seals, Mayor of Saginaw 