Road Rescue' 4 "or .. ij l'OTOH (()1Hl~Y Ms. Chong-Anna Canfora, Director Rapid Response Section Michigan Department of Labor & Economic Growth 611 West Ottawa Street, 4'"Floor Lansing, Ml 48933 July 15,2010 RE: Notice Pursuant to WARN Act Dear Ms. Canfora: This Notice is being provided to you pursuant to Section 3 of the Worker Adjustment Retraining Notification Act ("WARN"). Spartan Motors, Inc. recently announced that it will exit its Road Rescue, Inc. ("Road Rescue") business, thereby impacting the Road Rescue operations located at 2914 Spartan Place, Marion, South Carolina 29571, which facility will close. Winding down this operation will affect all 133 employees who currently work at the Marion, South Carolina facility, as well as the 25 employment agency employees assigned to work there. In addition, Road Rescue has 15 employees assigned to work at 1000Reynolds Road, Charlotte, Michigan 48813. It is anticipated that we will have 13 employees who will be affected by the exit of the Road Rescue business. In addition to providing notice to the appropriate governmental entity and individuals in South Carolina, and although this notice might not be legally required under WARN for the Road Rescue employees assigned to work in Michigan, Road Rescue seeks to provide good faith, advance notice. Road Rescue is also concurrently providing notice to Mayor Dee Smith, City of Charlotte, Michigan. No Road Rescue employees are represented by a union, and no bumping rights exist for any Road Rescue employee. At this time we do not have a specific date as to when Road Rescue's operations will completely cease or when the first terminations will occur; however, by the end of calendar year 20 IO Road Rescue will cease operations in Marion, South Carolina. We will keep you updated as plans are finalized. The information provided in this notice is based on the best information currently available to Road Rescue. Please contact Janine Nierenberger at 517-543-6400 extension 3811, if you need further information. Sincerely, Road Rescue, Inc. RECEIVED IN AUGO9 2010 David L. Reid RAPIDRESPONSEPresident 