~en,nan 
TIRE CORPORATION Date: February 23, 2010 VIA FIRST CLASS MAIL AND EMAIL rapdresp@ocljfs.state.oh.us JimTumer Chief, Rapid Response Section Ohio Department of Job & Family Services 4020 E. Fifth Avenue Columbus, Ohio 43219 Unemployment Compensation Administrator Ohio Department of Job & Family Services 4020 E. Fifth Avenue Columbus, Ohio 43219 C Re: WARN ACT NOTICE Dear Chief/ Admioistl.-atot: 1bis Notice is being provided to you pursuant to the Worker Adjustment and Retraining Notification Act of 1988 (WARN), as well as the plant closing provisions of the Ohio Unemployment Compensation laws, which require an employer to give official notice to ce1tain government units or officials of a pending facilityclosure. During the last few weeks, Denman Tire Corporation ("Denman Tire") significantly reduced operations and temporarily laid off certain employees at its facilities located at 400 Diehl South Road, Braceville Twp, Ohio, 44430 and 600 S. Meridian Road, Austintown, Ohio, 44509, as the result of a prolonged economic downturn at the Company. Denman Tire has been actively seeking financing or investors that would enable it to continue operations and reasonably believed that giving earlier notice of plant shutdown/layoffs would have precluded Denman Tire from obtaining the needed financing or investors. Denman Tire will continue to seek :financing or investors to enable it to continue operations. It is our hope that the Company will be successful in these efforts. Nevertheless, to ensure that we are in compliance with applicable federal and state laws, we are providing employees (and the United Steelworkers of America, Local 98L, as the employee representative of a class of Denman Tire employees) with this notice of termination/pemianent layoff and plant shutdown, to be effective April 20, 2010 ("Effective Date"), in the event financing is not found Should sufficient financing not be obtained prior to that time, it is currently expected that the layoffs and planned shutdown will be permanent as of the Effective Date. Approximately 260 employees are expected to be affected by this layoff. Infonnation on affected job classifications is available on-site. We have provided notice to employees of their eligibility to pursue unemployment compensation benefits. We will also be meeting with the United Steelworkers Local 98L to engage in negotiations regarding both the noticed layoffs/shut down, as well as the effects of this decision. Notice has been provided to: PlJJLl 916153-3 David Turn.et,President 
United Steelworkers of America. Local 98L 
400 Diehl South Rood 
Braceville Twp, Ohio 44430 
Leo W. Getatd, Intemati.onal President 
United Steelworkers of America 
Five Gareway Center 
Pittsburgh, PA 15222 
Dave McCall, Director -Disttict 1 United Steelwoi:kers of America 777 Dearborn Park Lllne, Suite J Columbus, Ohio 43085 Unionized employeesma.yhave certain transfer, reassignment, or bumping .rights, :in accotdance with. the tenns of the applicable collective batgsiningagreement. We hope to acco:tnplish this changein operations w.ith the least possible disruption to the lives of our employees and the collllilllllity. If youhve questions, please contact me at 330 67 5 4255. S:ince.tely, ;r~Robert Farner Human Resource Manager PHIL1 916153-l 