.. _;':::: T February 17, 2010 \ J. á" ," VIA COURIER . A if: I L1 Rapid Response Section Bureau of WIA \; :/á-ác,,~;_,~ ....-.: ',: ~-t_Ci: : á -á, á Ohio Department of Job & Family Services 4020 E. Fifth A venue Columbus, Ohio 43219 Re: Worker Adjustment Retraining Notification (WARN) Act Notification Dear Sir or Madam: This letter will serve as official notice that GatesMcDonald HealthPlus, Inc. will engage in a discontinuation of its managed care organization unit at 215 N. Front Street, Columbus, Ohio 43215, on or about April 17, 2010. This notice is being provided to you pursuant to the federal Worker Adjustment and Retraining Notification Act (WARN) and Ohio Revised Code¤ 4141.28(C). Attached you will find a list of the job titles affected, and the total number of employees that will be affected in each such classification. We will send 60-day separation notices to all of the affected employees on February 17, 2010. The announced layoff will affect the entire operation of GatesMcDonald HealthPlus , Inc. at the facility , and is permanent. Impacted associates are being offered 60 days paid advanced notice, severance benefits and assistance to help find alternative employment opportunities. There is no union that represents employees at this facility, and none of the affected employees are covered under a collective bargaining agreement. Bumping rights are not applicable. Please note that GatesMcDonald HealthPlus, Inc. is selling its assets to Sheakley Unicomp, Inc., which is expected to continue the business in a new Columbus office and to offer employment opportunities to approximately seventy-five percent of the affected employees , some in full-time and others in temporary positions. For further information concerning this notice, please contact the undersigned at GatesMcDonald HealthPlus, Inc., Tlu-ee Nationwide Plaza, Columbus, Ohio, 43215, or 614/249-6334. Sincerely, ~p~ Nicholas P. Muntean Vice President, Human Resources Onr N,-ttionw1de P/~tii Nationwide Insurance Columbu s, OH 4 J21 S 2220 Nationwitj e Financial Notice of Facility Closing 
GatesMcDonald HealthPlus, Inc. 
215 N. Front Street 
Columbus, OH 43215 
Job Titles  # Incumbents  Claims Call Center Manager  1  Claims Quality Manager  1  Compliance Analyst  2  Director, Case Management  1  Executive Secretary  1  General Utility Clerk  7  GM Administration Manager  1  GM Customer Service Representative  II  12  GM MCO Account Specialist  4  GM Medical Review Coordinator  2  GM Medical Review Technician  15  Manager, Case Management  2  Medical Case Coordinator  8  Nurse Case Manager  17  Specialist, Process Management  1  Sr. Administrative Secretary  1  Sr. Nurse Case Manager  4  Statistical Data Quality Analyst  1  Supervisor II  1  Supervisor III  1  Technical Clerk  1  Total 84 Fact Sheet Why has Nationwide filed a WARN notice/informed associates they are losing jobs? ¥ 	As part of an ongoing review of our go-to-market strategy, Nationwide Better Health today (February 17, 2010) informed 84 Nationwide associates their jobs will be going away in 60 days. The impacted associates are located in Columbus. As required by law, a WARN notification was filed with government officials to inform them of this action. ¥ 	The impacted associates are part of our Ohio workers compensation managed care organization, which Nationwide is transferring in an asset sale to Cincinnati-based Sheakley. Both parties are working to close the transaction sometime in the first quarter. We are not disclosing transaction details. ¥ 	Up to three quarters of the affected associates who received notice today have been offered employment opportunities with Sheakley moving forward. As part of the transaction, Sheakley is opening a Columbus office to continue to provide continuity and quality service to clients. ¥ 	For the remaining associates, their final date of employment will be April 1 7, 2010. ¥ 	We understand that this is a very difficult situation for all our associates and Nationwide is committed to being as supportive as possible for these individuals. Nationwide is providing these associates with 60 days paid advance notice, severance benefits, and assistance to find alternative employment opportunities, inside or outside Nationwide. ¥ 	While we're taking this targeted action today, Nationwide is actually hiring in other areas based on the business need to serve our customers. We currently have approximately 150-200 open positions across the country. When possible we try to hire internally, but do look externally when necessary. Nationwide will continue to employ more than 11,000 associates in Central Ohio and more than 32,000 associates across the country. 