April 21, 2010 C)Via US Postal Service ~:?. /'¥--:-1 -.-,c=-ás:á~C:) \~-rSue Newland /Jc0--,.\'I'':Rapid Response Section o-::Bureau of Employer Services;WIA ..-,,,c, .--_ __,,.. Ohio Department of Job & Family Services ~~.á~ :-J ~. \ P.O. Box 1618 i 0 :~::\ -u (..--) ;-r~1Columbus, Ohio 43216-1618 ~ :z:'. Dear Sue Newland: Staples recently developed plans to permanently discontinue its entire operations at our facility located at 5443 Duff Drive, Cincinnati, OH 54246. In keeping with the Company's plans, employment separations in connection with the permanent shutdown of operations are expected to commence on or about August 2, 2010. At this time, the Company anticipates that affected employees would be separated from employment effective on August 2, 2010. A list of job titles, the number of affected employees currently holding affected positions, and the dates of separation that are presently known accompanies this letter as Attachment 1. The affected employees are not represented by any labor organization. Bumping arrangements are not available for affected employees. This announcement and the above timetable are based on the best information currently available. However, various factors may still affect the timing of any employment separations. You will be informed of any significant changes in these plans as additional information becomes available. To the extent that the above actions may constitute a plant closing for purposes of the Worker Adjustment and Retraining Notification Act, this letter is intended to fulfill any requirements imposed under the Act. By providing this information, the Company does not concede that the Act applies or that notice is otherwise required. Should you have any questions concerning this announcement, please contact Owen Davis, Public Relations Manager at 508-253-8468. Sincerely, Attachment 1 As explained in the accompanying letter, we anticipate that the job titles and the number of employees listed below will be affected by the shutdown of the Company's operations located at 5443 Duff Drive, Cincinnati, OH 54246. Job position eliminations currently scheduled to take place effective on or about August 2, 2010: Job Title  Number of Emolovees Affected  Fulfillment Center Manaqer  1  Mgr Fulfillment Center Ops I  1  FC Supv II  2  Supv Inventory Control Delivery I Fulfillment Center Associate I Fulfillment Center Associate 11 Fulfillment Center Associate Ill Fulfillment Center Associate IV  1 3 15 28 6 7  