Ohio 
Ted Stricldand, C:Dv.,u,or 
Douglas E. Lumpkin, ,'}ir:0,,:=.á:1, 
MEMORANDUM Date: May 3, 2010  002-09-125  WARN Identified Number  TO: See Distribution Below*  FROM: Jean Ann Carlson, Rapid Response Program Manager SUBJECT: WARN received: Medina City Schools The Rapid Response Section has received notice of a plant closing or mass layoff which has occurred in your region. A copy of the notice is attached and is being provided for your information and action. If you have any questions concerning this notice, please contact Sue Newland, Rapid Response Coordinator, at (614) 644-0568. If Sue is not available, you may call Jean Ann Carlson, at ( 614) 466-9700 .. *Distribution: Rebekah Woolley, USDOL, Region V Brooke Bell, Governor's DC Office Drew McCracken, Governor's DC Office Alison Battaglia, External Affairs Tony Coder, Legislation/External Affairs Sara Hall Phillips, Director's Office Carol Frasure, Bureau of LMI Julie Smith, Local Operations Leann Raymond, UC Linda Ross-Sides, UC UC Tech/Misty Sidwell, UC Rob Creel, USDOL, Veteran Services Marge Fields, Local Operations Sam McNair, Local Operations Beth Casto, Local Operation, #5 Sharon Moles, Local Operations, #7 Mollie DeRojas, Local Operations, #1 Larry Hampton, Local Operations, #6 Bill McCoy, Local Operations, #4 George Bentfeld, Local Operations, #3 Jeffrey Yaist, Local Operations, #2 Terry Janke, State Veterans Program Primary Workforce Area: 2 Medina (Medina County) One-Stop Office: Medina Works Attachment Office of Workforce Development 
PO. Box 1618 
4020 East Fifth Avenue 
Columbus, OH 43216-1618 
http://workforce@jfs.ohio.gov 
WARN DATA 
Date Received  May 3, 2010  Company Name  Medina City Schools  Location (City)  Medina (Medina County)  Number of Affected Workers  158  Layoff Date  June 30, 2010  Phone Number  (330)725-8831  Union Affiliation  Medina City Teachers Association and OAPSE Local #305  WARN Identification No.  002-09-125  ("',I:! 	c¥, ¥ Recognizing Potentinl-'.\Iaximizing Achle\'.:f'1i)1(;'n'.tá ¥ ' 	' -á 'cl March 26, 20 I 0 Med ma 
City Schools Superintendent Handy S. Stepp Treasurer Wallace JVI. Gordon Board Of Education Mark L. Dolan Cliades \V Freemnn William I~Grenfell C.Susan Vlcek Ho!Jert B. Wilder, M.D [ i 40 'N. Washington 1'.:\Y-3 A c;:00 Ms. Molly O'Connor 
President, OAPSE Local #305 C . 
¥ ,r l, 	.-' ~/1 [) -., _ i~:~--=-\~ i. '~ á~.I:,_~ ' '-',d\, u;,CE Lt V tLOent:.Ni Dear Ms. O'Connor, The Medina City School Board of Education has decided that it will be necessary to reduce staff and will make a reasonable reduction based on a comprehensive plan of program needs for the District. The goal of the plan is to reduce projected expenditures district-wide over the course ofthe 2010-11 school year by approximately $9.4 million, in light of available resources. This will necessitate, in addition to cutbacks in some non-personnel areas, a reduction in personnel, not only in the bargaining unit represented by Medina City Teachers Association, but also in both the bargaining unit represented by OAPSE Local # 305 and among unrepresented employees, including administrative and supervisory employees. It is anticipated that retirements, resignations and attrition will, to some extent, mitigate the impact of these reductions, depending on how many employees elect voluntarily to leave the Board's employ and which particular positions are affected by such departures. With respect to unrepresented employees, there is no contractual or statutory deadline for Board action or advance notice. The Board will not finalize who will be impacted by layoff until the effect of such attrition becomes somewhat clearer. Pursuant to Article XII Section 12.0 I of the Board's collective bargaining agreement with OAPSE Local #305, notice is hereby served that the board contemplates laying off bargaining unit employees as a part ofa reduction -in -force before the end of the 2009-10 school year, with such anticipated suspensions becoming effective at the beginning of the 2010-11 school year and continuing in effect indefinitely thereafter. The specific positions to be affected and the reasons therefore, in addition to the above are: 1.) 	Paraprofessional Classification -156.75 hours per day of both support and instructional paraprofessional time currently consisting of2 I instructional paraprofessionals and 9 support paraprofessional positions located at various school buildings throughout the Medina City School District. These 30 positions will be eliminated outright. All remaining paraprofessional classification positions after the 30 positions have been eliminated that currently have greater than 7.5 hours (i.e 7.5 to 8.0 hours) will be reduced to 7 hours. All paraprofessionals currently working 7 hours will be reduced to 6.5 hours. All remaining paraprofessional positions of 6.5 hours or less will remain at their current hours. Such reductions will be applied across the District as evenly as possible in all buildings due to an overall reduction in programming and lack of funds. 2.) 	Custodial Classification -3 custodial classification positions located at various buildings throughout the Medina City School District. These positions will be eliminated outright. Such reductions will be applied across the District as relatively equal as possible in all buildings due to an overall reduction of programming and lack offunds. 3 .) 	Secretary Classification -2.6 secretarial classification positions located at various buildings/departments throughout the Medina City School District. These 2.6 positions will be eliminated outright. All remaining secretarial classification positions after the 2.6 positions have been eliminated that currently have greater than 7.5 hours (i.e 7.5 to 8.0 hours) will be reduced to 7.5 hours. All remaining secretarial classification positions of 6 hours or less will remain at their current hours. One current 12 month secretarial classification position will be reduced to IOmonths. Such reductions will be applied across the District as relatively equal as possible in all buildings due to an overall reduction of programming and lack of funds. 4.) 	Computer Operator Classification -3 current 12 month computer operator classification Street P.O. Box 408 Medina, Ohio 44258 [ P 330-725-8831 [ F 330-764-3501 Ms. Molly O'Connor March 26, 2010 Page 2 positions will be reduced to 10 month positions. All remaining computer operator classification positions of 10 months will remain unchanged. Such reductions are due to an overall reduction of programming and lack of funds. 5.) 	Transportation Classification -1 vacant transportation dispatcher position located in the Transportation Department. This position will be eliminated outright. Such reduction is due to an overall reduction of programming and lack of funds. In accordance with Article XII Section 12.01 of the collective bargaining agreement, all bargaining unit employees affected by the reductions identified above will receive written notice at least 60 calendar days in advance of the layoffs, with due regard (as required by Article XII) for such employee's seniority. ~~y?.~A)>(á-~Randy}.~-Supehntendent 