GALAXY 
INDUSTRIESCORPORATION A PRECISION PARTNERS COMPANY.' Deborah E. Hennessey, Section Chief Rapid Response Section Bureau of Workforce Programs Michigan Department of Labor & Economic Growth Victor Office Center 5th Floor 201 N. Washington Square Lansing, Ml 48913 Re: Notice of Plant Closing Dear Ms. Hennessey: In accordance with the Worker Adjustment and Retraining Notification Act, 29 USC 2101 et~ .. ("WARN Act"), you are hereby notified, as Section Chief of the State Dislocated Worker Unit, that the Galaxy Industries Corporation plant, located at 4740 Michigan Avenue, Canton, Michigan, 48188, will be permanently closed. This action, which will result in the closing of the entire facility, will occur no sooner than July 31. 2007, and should be completed no later than August 31, 2007. As a result of this action, all positions at this plant will be eliminated and, with only a few exceptions, all persons employed at the plant will be terminated. The separation from employment will be permanent. The name, address, and telephone number of a Company official to c<Dn:f~. rvED mformauon 1s: n t:;. Vt;;;:; Mr. Darren Gillette JUNO 6 2007 President and Chief Executive Officer 200 Tech Park Drive Rochester, NY 14623 RAPID RESPONSE WORKFORCEPROGRAMS It is anticipated that approximately seventy (70) employees will be affected by the plant closure. Attached is an exhibit with a list of job titles for the affected positions and the number of employees in each position. Please note that a limited few employees will be kept on from July 3 I, 2007, to close the plant. It is anticipated that these employees will be terminated between August J7'hand August 31 ". These employees are listed separately on the exhibit. There are no bumping rights applicable to any of the positions or persons impacted by this 
plant closing. Affected employees are not represented by a Union, A few employees may be 
offered employment opportunities elsewhere within the Company's organization. Such 
opportunities will be based upon the Company's needs and merit 
It is our intent that this notice adequately comply with our legal obligations under the WARN 
Act. If you are not the proper person to receive this notice, please contact me immediately, 
In addition, if you believe we need to provide you with any additional information, please 
give me a call so we can correct any mistakes or misunderstandings. 
Very truly yours, cc: 	Thomas J. Yack Canton Township BHOl',.7570782 fD\RLD 