January 3 , 2007 Deborah E. Hennessey, Section Chief 
Rapid Response Section 
Bureau of Workforce Programs 
Michigan Department of Labor & Economic Growth 
Victor Office Center -5"' Floor 
201 N. Washington Square 
Lansing, Michigan 48913 
RE: WARN Notification Dear Ms. Hennessey: The purpose of this letter is to inform you that Martinrea Industries, Inc., will be permanently closing its entire facility, located at 500 Industrial Drive, Clare , Michigan 48617. The expected date when the plant closing will commence is March 7, 2007. The first employee separations are expected during the 14-day period beginning March 7, 2007. No bumping rights will exist for employees. The job titles of positions to be affected, and the number of affected employees in each job classification will be maintained by us on site and will be readily accessible. The total number of affected employees is one hundred thirty nine. Notice of this action has also been provided to our affected employees, City of Clare Mayor Patrick Humphrey, and County Board of Commissioners Chairperson Karen Lipovsky. Please feel free to contact me at 517-206-7618 if you need additional information. Sincerely, '~JnuAW\I~ raan:ePutm: Director HR -US 
Martinrea Industries, Inc 
RECEIVED JAN 092006 RAPIDRESPONSE WORKFORCEPROGRAMS January 4, 2007 Employee Name Delivered by hand delivery or first class mail RE: Clare, Michigan Plant Closure Dear : In accordance with the Worker Adjustment and Retraining Act of 1988 ("WARN"), this letter serves as notification that Martinrea Industries, Inc . will permanently close the entire Clare, Michigan facility. We are pleased to inform you that a position may become available at our Manchester facility. However , the specific position, pay, and start date would be based on business needs and availability. You would continue to be employed at will . If you wish to be considered for a position at the Manchester facility, you must notify Terry Bovee , your AGM, in writing by January 18, 2007. The expected date when the plant closing will commence is March 7, 2007. If you are not interested in a position at the Manchester facility or a position does not become available, your employment is expected to be separated during the 14-day period beginning March 7, 2007 . You will be contacted at a later date and informed of your specific employment termination date. No bumping rights exist. Before the effective date of your termination , Martinrea will provide you with information concerning the benefits available to you in connection with the termination of your employment . We ask that you continue to provide the effort necessary to bring this unfortunate but necessary task to its successful completion . Thank you for your continued support and your commitment to do your best in assisting in a very difficult decision. You may contact Terry Bovee or me at 517-206-7618 for further information . Sincerely , Joanne Putman Director of Human Resources Cc: Personnel File 