September 23, 2008 Via United Parcel Service -Signature Required Deborah Hennessey 
Michigan Department of Labor and Economic Growth 
Bureau of Workforce Programs 
Workforce Transition Division, Rapid Response Section 
201 North Washington Square, 5th Floor 
Lansing, Ml 48913 
517-335-1943 
Dear Ms. Hennessey, Hewitt Associates has developed plans to permanently shut down the facility located at 249 North Rose Street, Kalamazoo, Michigan, 49007-5817. Consistent with these plans, employment separations are expected to commence on or about November 28, 2008. We anticipate that these plans, when finalized, would involve the entire facillty. At this time, the Company anticipates that a group of affected employees will have their employment terminated during a 14-day period commencing on November 28, 2008. A list of job titles and the number of employees currently holding affected positions accompanies this letter as Attachment A. This announcement and the above timetable are based on the best information currently available. However, various factors may still affect these plans and the timing of employee separations. You will be informed of any changes or as additional information becomes available. The affected employees are not represented by any labor organization. Bumping rights/arrangements are not available for affected employees. To the extent that the above actions constitute a covered event under the Worker Adjustment and Retraining Notification Act, this letter is intended to futtill any requirements Imposed under the Act. By providing this information, we do not concede that the Act applies or that notice is required. If you have any questions or desire additional information, please contact Bill Rathe, Human Resource Advisor, 100 Hall Day road, Lincolnshire, Illinois, 60069. Direct dial phone number Is (847) 575-1945. Sincerely, Hewitt Associates LLC á11)I't?.1[/d{ 1-L BIi Rathe 
Human Resource Advisor 
RECEIVED BR:rk SEP2 4zuoa RAPID RESPONSE WORKFORCE PROGRAMS Hewitt Associates ATTACHMENT A As explained in the accompanying letter, we anticipate that the job tttles and the number of employees listed below will be affected by a shutdown of Hewitt Associate's operation located at 249 North Rose Street, Kalamazoo, Michigan. 1. 	Job Position Eliminations Tentatively Scheduled To Occur During a 14-Day Period Commencing onNovember 28. 2008. Job Thie  Number of Incumbents  Administrative Assistant-Experienced  2  Defined Contribution Services Processing Assistant  1  Customer Service Representative-Entry  9  Human Resources Outsourcing Programmer Analyst-Experienced  6  Human Resources Outsourcing Set Up Configuration Analyst  5  Defined Contribution Services Benefits Analyst  15  Delivery Specialist Ill  1  Customer Service Client Analyst  1  Delivery Specialist Ill-Shared Services  1  Office Manager-Experienced  1  Human Resources Outsourcing Systems Analyst  3  Defined Contribution Services Benefits Service Manager-Entry  2  Defined Contribution Services Benefits Operations Manager  4  Customer Service Team Manager  1  Human Resources Outsourcing Beneftts Implementation Manager-Experienced  1  Human Resources Outsourcing Beneftts Delivery Manager-Experienced  1  Human Resources Outsourcing Lead Systems Analyst-Advanced  2  Delivery Leader II  1  