©(6\._j\~/.'á--á u U 	L-.JMay 29, 2008 North Oakland G:JDeborah E. Hennessey, Section Chief MEDICAL CENTERS Rapid Response Section Bureau of Workforce Programs John R. Graham President and CEO Michigan Department of Labor & Economic Growth Victor Office Center -5th Floor 	461 West Huron Pontiac. Michigan 48341-1651 201 N. Washington Square Telephone: 248.857.7200 Lansing, Michigan 48913 Dear Ms. Hennessey: North Oakland Medical Centers is engaged in serious efforts to restructure its organization and/or sell its facility. However, should those efforts fail, North Oakland Medical Center will cease all operations and permanently lay-off all of its 910 employees. In accordance with the Worker Adjustment and Retraining Notification (WARN) Act, 29 U.S.C. 2101 et seq., this letter serves as 60 days advance notice to the Michigan Department of Labor & Economic Growth of a plant closing within the meaning of the WARN Act, at: North Oakland Medical Centers 461 West Huron Pontiac, Ml 48341 (248) 857-7200 The entire North Oakland Medical Centers will be closed on a permanent basis. As a result of this plant closing, the affected employees will be permanently laid off. Some of the affected hourly employees at North Oakland Medical Centers are represented by one of the following four unions: ¥ 	Professional Registered Nurse Organization/UAW, Local 6911, North Oakland Medical Centers; The contact person is Mary Gamble; ¥ 	North Oakland Medical Centers Medical Technologists Association; The contact person is Barbara Ledin; ¥ 	AFSCME Council 25, Local 100, North Oakland Medical Centers; The contact person is Josephine Smith; and ¥ 	Michigan Association of Police; North Oakland Medical Centers; The contact person is Russell Jefferson. We expect that "bumping" rights, which exist for the Professional Registered Nurse Organization bargaining unit employees only, will be inapplicable because all employees will be affected by the closing. However, to the extent that bumping rights may remain applicable for some employees, North Oakland Medical Centers will honor such rights to the extent required by its collective bargaining agreements. Notice has been provided to the respective unions. The affected non-bargaining unit employees are not represented by a labor organization. No "bumping" rights exist for non-bargaining unit employees. Notice has been provided to all affected non-bargaining unit employees. Deborah E. Hennessey, Section Chief 
May 29, 2008 
Page2 
The names, job classifications, and the current number of affected employees are contained in the attached list. We would appreciate any assistance that may be available to assist our employees in finding new employment. The contact person for North Oakland Medical Centers is James Magnuson, whose telephone number is (248) 857-67 49. Please direct any questions or requests for further information to the undersigned. Sincerely, North Oakland Medical Centers ~/~~ Uohn_ ~-Graham President and CEO Enclosure 923866 