October 31, 2008 1" class mail Mr. Rob Naugle, UAW International Representative Region 1-D 703 Rose St. Traverse City, Ml 49686 Dear Rob: This letter serves as written notification regarding the indefinite layoff of union represented employees at the Tower Automotive, Inc. Traverse City, Ml Business Unit following the plant closure announcement Friday, September 26, 2008. As you know, Tower Automotive, Inc. will be indefinitely laying off all hourly UAW bargaining union colleagues by inverse seniority from all classifications at the Traverse City facility located at 280 Hughes Drive, Traverse City, Ml 49686. Layoffs of affected employees will occur in phases as business moves to other manufacturing facilities. Consistent with these plans, the initial phase of permanent layoffs for hourly and salary colleagues is anticipated to begin Monday, December 1, 2008. Based on the most recent information available; our current layoff schedule is as follows: 1, As early as Monday, December 1, 2008 approximately 9 hourly positions are planned to be permanently placed on layoff. 2. As early as Friday, January 2, 2009 approximately 44 hourly and salary positions are planned to be permanently placed on layoff. 3. As early as Monday, February 2, 2009 approximately 44 hourly and salary positions are planned to be permanently placed on layoff. Since the Traverse City Business Unit will have permanent layoffs, bumping rights consistent with our collective bargaining agreement will occur. Employees who are currently on an approved leave of absence are included among those affected by this event provided they are released to return to work within six (6) months of the Closure Agreement ratification date {October 27, 2008). Employees will be paid all wages and agreed-upon fringe benefits due upon separation or plant closure whichever occurs first per the terms of the ratified Closure Agreement. Permanently laid off hourly union colleagues will receive continued Health, Dental and Life insurance coverage for the balance of the month and two additional months from their last day worked at no cost to the colleague provided the colleague accepts the initial COBRA offering. In conjunction with this initial permanent reduction of employees from the Traverse City, Ml plant I am providing a copy of this letter to Michigan Rapid Response Specialist, Maggie Sayles that will notify the State of Michigan to begin dislocated employment assistance. If you have any questions or require additional information regarding this matter, please contact me at {231) 941-6775. Sincerely, RECEIVED Clay Cronin NOVO 3 ZOOB Tower Automotive, Traverse City Human Resource Manager RAPIDRESPONSE WORKFORCEPROGRAMS 