July 7, 2008 Delivered via E-mail Ms. Deborah Hennessey 
Michigan Department of Labor and Economic Growth 
Bureau of Workforce Programs 
Workforce Transition Division, Rapid Response Section 
201 North Washington Square, 5tn Floor 
Lansing, Ml 48913 
RE: Worker Adjustment and Retraining Notification (WARN) Act 
Notice 
Dear Ms. Hennessey: As you know, American Airlines and the airline industry continue to suffer losses due to the challenges with which our airline is contending. Soaring fuel costs combined with a weakening economy require that we review every aspect of our network and service infrastructure. It is quite clear that we can no longer operate our airline at its current levels. This reality has forced us to make some very tough, but immediate decisions to secure American's future. We must quickly reduce our operating schedule for the coming months and, as a result, will need fewer people to operate the airline. We are sending you this letter to comply with the Federal Worker Adjustment and Retraining Notification Act ('WARN"). This letter is to inform you that we will affect the employment of a number of American Airlines employees in Detroit, Michigan on or around September 5, 2008. In accordance with this reduction, we expect a total employment loss of approximately 8 employees. Below is a breakdown of the job classifications and number of employees in each classification that may suffer an "employment loss" as defined by WARN: 1 Management 
1 Support Staff 
5 Airport Agents 
1 Crew Chief 
The Detroit Metropolitan Airport (DTW) facility is located at the following address: American Airlines, Inc. 
Detroit Metropolitan Airport 
Wayne County 
Detroit, Michigan 48242 
American Airlines Crew Chief employees are represented by the following labor union: Transport Workers Union of America, AFL-CIO 
Air Transport Division 
James C. Little, Director 
1791 Hurstview Dr. 
Hurst, TX 76054 
Involuntary reductions in force will be governed by the terms of the collective bargaining agreements (if applicable) and corporate policy, including the seniority lists and any provisions regarding "bumping rights." We expect that these job reductions will be permanent. This is all of the information we have at this time. If you have any questions, please contact Tiffany Schildge, Manager-Talent Services, at (817)963-7684. Sincerely, Kevin Cox Vice President -State and Community Affairs 