¥ II January 18, 2008 Ms. Deborah Hennessey Michigan Department of Career Development 201 N. Washington Square, 5th Floor Lansing, Ml 48913 SUBJECT: NOTIFICATION OF LAYOFF PURSUANT TO WARN ACT Dear Ms. Hennessey: Under the tenns of the Worker Readjustment and Retraining Notification Act notice is hereby given that Eagle Ottawa, 2930 Auburn Road, Rochester Hills, Michigan 48309, will experience mass layoffs resulting in permanent loss of employment. The mass layoffs will result in a pennanent loss of employment for approximately 60 employees on or about March 21, 2008. For additional information or questions, please contact me at (248) 844-1331. Sincerely, ---t::mugl e Gen al Manager Eagle Ottawa, Rochester Hills RECEIVED 
JAN23 2008 RAPIDRESPONSE WORKFORCEPROGRAMS PREMIER AlfTOMOTIVE INTERIORS MICHIGAN LEADERSIDP ACADEMY 
"Project Success For Life" Ms. Dell Alston, Director Workforce Training & Development Division Bureau of Workforce Programs Michigan Department of Labor & Economic Growth Victor Office Center 201 North Washington Square, Fifth Floor Lansing, Michigan 48913 Michigan Leadership Academy, a newly established 501(c)3 nonprofit organi7.ation, aims to empower youth by providing quality educational opportunities. Through Project Success For Life, Michigan Leadership Academy strives to help Michigan's at-risk teens develop into responsible, productive citizens of society. TbePmblem Michigan is a great state full of vast opportunities. As we continue moving forward in the 21stcentury, it is vital that Michigan provides economic investors with our most valuable asset-a productive, hard working, andeducated workforce. However, without innovative programs to better prepare our young people for success, the future of Michigan may be in jeopardy. With high school dropout rates on the rise, young people are more susceptible to engage in criminal activities, to use illegal drugs,to be unemployed, and to rely more on government assistance. Each year nearly 25,000 young people drop out of Michigan high schools, and many do not return to complete their credential. It is estimated that every adult without a high school diploma costs Michigan at least $7,000 each year due to government assistance programs, court costs, prison sentences, and/or failure to attract relocating businesses. Our communities, cities, and state should bealarmed by these staggering statistics. We must take steps to build and foster communities that are crime free, drug free, diligent, and educated. The futureof the state and the lives of thousands of young people depend on our efforts to remedy this dire problem. The Solution Grassroots action must betaken now. Through Project Success For Life, Michigan Leadership Academy will help prepare Michigan's at-risk teens for successful lives while saving the state millions of dollars in coming years. Project Success For Life will offer a new beginning for Michigan's at-risk teens, ages 16-18, who are on the verge of or have already dropped out of high school. Project Success For Life is a year-long boarding education program designed to provide young people with the support, guidance, and education required for a successful, productive life. This program will strengthen communities, cities, and the state of Michigan by helping at-risk teens develop into productive citizens and positive people in their communities. The overall goal of Project Success For Life is to develop the essential life skills of at-risk teens so that they are prepared to pass the GED Examination, enter the workforce, and/or continue their education at a community college. Michigan Leadership Academy  12374 Jerome Street  Atlanta, Michigan 49709  Ms.Dell Alston, Director  Workforce Training & Development Division  Bureau of Workforce Programs  Michigan Department of Labor & Economic Growth  Victor Office Center  201 North Washington Square, Fifth Floor  Lansing, Michigan 48913  