Vassar Pioneer Times Page 1 of 5 151 Years Vassar Pioneer Times ~Local News ~ News & Information ¥ Local News ¥ Local Sports ¥ Local Obituaries ¥ Submit Your News ¥ Area HapIJenings ¥ Classifieds ¥ Local Weather Other WWW Links 11 Links to other sites II 
¥ The Marlette Leader ¥ The Huron Daily Tribune ¥ Real Estate Guide ¥ The Ci!Y of Vassar -:;" Wednesday, February 20, 2008 Means Industries to close Vassar plant cz1:i f,,.~~Ave.,BY MEGAN DECKER, Editor \y~ )in:,ái1~<:t VASSAR -Means Industries announced Friday that it will close its 1 Vassar plant May 30. Means Industries informed its Vassar workforce of 11 salaried employees and 24 hourly employees that it will close when the current USW labor contract expires, said Corporate Human Resources Director Bruce J. Gluski. Means will be negotiating a shutdown agreement with the workers' umon. "This is very disheartening," said Tuscola County Economic Development Corporation Director Jim McLoskey. "Any time we have a company close in the county it will have a negative impact in the community. Even though this is unfortunate, we have programs in place to help the employees and the EDC will do what it can to find buyers and give the building life again." The Vassar Plant makes clutch plates exclusively for GM four speed transmissions. Demand for four speed transmissions has declined significantly in recent years as the industry has shifted towards six speed transmissions, Gluski said. In recent years, declining GM market share has also reduced demand for Vassar product. "We must close the plant due to market concerns beyond the workplace," Gluski said. The Vassar plant had peak employment of over 160 hourly employees, but declined to about 100 in 2003 and 48 by late 2005. Means will consolidate Vassar operations at other Michigan plants. 2/21/2008http://www.pioneertimes.com/vnews .htm Vassar Pioneer Times Page 2 of 5 http://www.pioneertimes.com/vnews.htm Means Industries would not release any other information prior to press time. Look for update on this story in a future edition of the Vassar Pioneer Times. Wednesday, February 13, 2008 City council to look for its 11ext manager BY MEGAN DECKER, Editor VASSAR -City council here voted to accept the resignation of city manager Kevin Mackey and agreed to release him from his duties effective Feb. 5 during its Feb. 4 regular session. Mackey submitted his resignation Jan. 24 and planned to continue his duties through Feb. 29. "Pursuant to Section 4.3 of the city of Vassar Charter, I hereby resign as city manager effective February 29, 2008, said date being my last working day," Mackey's resignation letter said. "After careful and serious consideration, I have decided to pursue other interests in my life at this time. I offer the citizens of Vassar a sincere thank you for allowing me this opportunity to serve them, and wish them the best of luck in the future." Council members agreed to pay Mackey through Feb. 29 and will pay unused sick, personal and vacation days. "I'm of the opinion the sooner the better," said council member Patsy Schell. "We need to make a clean cut." Council members Faye Hembling and Henry Hornung offered "no" votes and council members Schell, Penny Germain and Mayor Shirley Seney offered "yes" votes. Mackey said that he has several opportunities, but that he will not be leaving for another job. Mackey made news recently as one of five finalists for the position of city manager for the city of Davison, but a decision was not reached, and the city of Davison is currently conducting another round of interviews. He also applied for a position in Jonesville, but withdrew his application. Mackey replaced former City Manager Charles M. Steen who spent 21 days in the position after the resignation of Scott Adkins in July 2006 to accept a position with the city of St. Clair. 2/21/2008 