ICG Castings, Inc. RECEIVED Friday, September 5, 2008 SEP09 2uU3 Chong-Anna Canfora, Director Rapid Response Section RAPID RESPONSE Michigan Department of Labor & Economic Growth WORKFORCEPROGRAMS611 West OttawaStreet,4th Floor P.O. Box30004 
Lansing, Michigan 48909 
Plant Closing and Notice of Permanent Reductions in Force Dear Ms. Canfora: The purpose of this letter to advise you, pursuant to the Workers Adjuslment and Retraining NotificationAct, that on November 5, 2008 the first of what is presently planned to be a series of monthly permanent reductions in force will commence at ICG Castings, 101 Poplar Street, Dowagiac, Michigan 49047 and ICG Benien, 9864 Church Street, Bridgman, Michigan 49106. The series of reductions is expected to extend through December 31 2008. The reduction that will commence on November 5, 2008 will occur in stages and will result in the permanent separation of all 243 employees employed by ICG Castings, Inc. and ICG Berrien Inc. in Michigan. 97 employees are affected in the reduction that will commence on November 5, 2008. It is our understanding that notices pursuant to the Workers Adjuslment and Retraining Notification Act are to be sent to your office. A copy of the notice of layoff has also been mailed to Mr. Thornton, Staff Representative, District 2, of the United Steelworkers of America at 13233 Hancock Drive, Taylor, Michigan 48180 and was delivered to the President of Local 6-0363, James Sullivan, as representatives of the affected employees. Attached is a list of the affected classifications and the employees currently holding those affected jobs. Because of the uncertainty involved in predicting those who may quit, volunteer for layoff, or be terminated between now and the expected date of the final reduction and because of the provisions of the Collective Bargaining Agreement with regardsto bumping rights, it is difficult to identify when specific individuals will ultimately be separated. Any questions you have concerning this forthcoming layoff and the anticipated future layoffs should be addressed to Chuck Vamey, HR Consultant, Dowagiac, Michigan, 49047, (269) 783.3234. Sincerely, Eric R. Showalter President & Chief Executive Officer ICG castings, Inc. & ICG Berrien, Inc. Attachment List of Affected Employees and Classifications ICG Castings ; List of Affected Employees and Classifications Classification: Salaried K. Tanzillo Toni Nemeth J. Luna D.Lowe A. Sivaainkaran L. Hinz Classification: Die Cast Operator T. Black:amore R. Phillips S. Martinez R. Litty D. Rushing D. Pease J.Larlon E.Young A. Drane M. Swink S. Rickard D. Baker D. Clark L Wright Classjfication: Die CastSetUp T. Cummins G. Clark CJauificatiQn:MachineOperator D. Hurrle A. Berry H. Jackson S. Powers P. Craig F. Syrette K. Sabo S. Kinchen Classification: CNC Operator S. Duffield K. Mack J. Huggins C. Kiggins Classificationá Stock Handler V. Buskirk K. White Classification: Remelt B. Ottinger G. Coplen Classification:Tool& Die Repair J. Holloman W. Reynolds Classification: Tool & Die C. Curtis Classification: Audit V. Tighe K. Wetsel Classification;MaintenanceTechnician L. Owen A. Hammons C. Steele Classification:Maintenance D. Renne J. DeCraene W.Powers 
D.Mackey 
W.Deidrich R. Scroggins J. Brooks C. Snyder M.Lillie J. Davis R.Reyna L. Anderson V. Bryant L. Andrews R. Underly B.Myrlde C. Rose K. Reeves s.Conklin B. Ruminer K.Mock D. Festerling P.Panama S. Saavedra R. Nickens S.Kirldand G. Bailey D. Clendenin P. Rife D. Slone M. Przybylinski A. Rutledge K. Baushke K. McPike V.Tbomas Classification: T()ol Crib T. Turner D. Russo Classification; Plant Janitor W. Owen N. Bulat J. Branch ICG Castings : List of Affected Employees and Classifications (cont.) Classification: Shipping & Receiving S. Davis Classification: Truck Driver R. Rodriqueaz ICG Berrien : List of Affected Employees and Classifications Classification: Salaried M. Mabry  D. Robdy  T. Wells  Classification: Die Cast Technician M. Meadows L. Patterson E. Bay K. Snelling  B, Crompton  B. Penley  Classification: Die Cast Set Up W. Patterson  Classification: QA Inspector M.Dixon  RECEIVED ICG Castings, Inc. SEP12 2008 Friday, September 12, 2008 RAPID RESPONSE WORKFORCE PROGRAMS Chong-Anna Canfora, Director Rapid Response Section Michigan Department of Labor & Economic Growth 611 WestOttawaStreet, 4th Floor P.O. Bo)(30004 
Lansing, Michigan 48909 
Plant Closing and Notice of Permanent Reductions in Force Dear Ms. Canfora: The purpose of this letter to advise you, pursuant to the Workers Adjustment and Retraining NotificationAct.that on December 2, 2008 the second and final of what is presently planned to be a series of monthly permanent reductions in force will commence at ICG Castings, 101 Poplar Street, Dowagiac, Michigan 49047 and ICG Berrien, 9864 Church Street, Bridgman, Michigan 49106. The series of reductions is expected to extend through December 31 2008. The reduction that will commence on December 2, 2008 will occur in stages and will result in the permanent separation of all remaining employees employed by ICG Castings, Inc. and ICG Berrien Inc. in Michigan. It is our understanding that notices pursuant to the Workers Adjustment and Retraining Notification Act are to be sent to your office. A copy of the notice of layoff has also been mailed to Mr. Thornton, Staff Representative, District 2, of the United Steelworkers of America at 13233 Hancock Drive, Taylor, Michigan 48180 andwas deliveredto the President of Local 6-0363, James Sullivan, as representatives of the affected employees. Attachedis a list of the affected classifications and the employees currently holding those affected jobs. Because of the uncertainty involved in predicting those who may quit, volunteer for layoff. or be terminated between now and the e)(pected date of the final reduction and because of the provisions of the Collective Bargaining Agreement withregardsto bumping nights, It is difficult to identify when specific individuals will ultimately be separated. Any questions you have concerning this forthcoming layoff and the anticipated future layoffs should be addressed to Chuck Varney, HR Consultant, Dowagiac, Michigan, 49047, (269) 783.3234. Sincerely, Eric R. Showalter President& Chief E)(ecuti\le Officer ICG Castings, Inc. & ICG Berrien, Inc. Attachment List of Affected Employees and Classffications ICG Castings : List of Affected Employees and Classifications Classification: Salaried  K. Badner  C. Bals  C. DeVries  R. Dunn  D. Karsen  M. Knuth  R. Post  R. Ree  D. Taylor  S. Walker  Classification: Die Cast Operator D. Brown B. Shannon L. Foster T. Haines C. Beebe C. Bastian M. Williams S. Massey K. McPike D. Smith Classification: Die Cast Set Up S. Shepard Classification: Machine Operator K. McColl P. Beebe Classification: CNC Operator L. Lawson S. Grooms Classification: Machine Setup M. Townsend W. Lee Classification: Remelt E. LaLonde J. Tobias Classification: Tool & Die Repair T.Ross Classification: Tool & Die C. Schmidt S. Taylor Classification: Machinist M.Pond Classification: Audit P. Dale M. Drane Classification: TechnicianMaintenance A. Paustian Classification: Plant Janitor K. Weeden Classification: Truck Driver J. Montgomery S. Bannow A. Glavach D. Merrill S. Sommers B. Weeden M. Childs L. Ramero S. Morgan J. Sullivan I. Williams B. lmler A.Cole B. Jones D. Pearce T. Strom s.Pultz T. Bannow R.Dodge A. Chavez A.Adams ICG Berrien : List of Affected Employees and Classifications Classification: Salaried D. Thompson F. Hanners Classification:DieCast Supervisor K. Heidenreich Classification: Die Cast Technician T. Marks R. Flagel J. Milner N. Somsanith R. Tomlin Classification: Die Cast Set Up J. Testini Classification: Maintenance Technician K. Krueger V. Dale R. Mllrl<s J. Baker Classification:Tool& Die Technician D. Mott D. Sansom Classification:Utility/Striko&Remelt M. Ballard W. Johnson Classification: Shipping &Recejving J. Hebner C]assification:MachiningTechnician T. Richter D. Johns Classification:MachlningQperator C. Eckler A. Fay Classification: OA lnspectOr B. Binder D. Mathews J. Loomis W.CalhoWl A. Appelhans R.Marks J. Bruff L. Brooks D. West D. Thole A.McCarver M. Barnett J. White A. McPike J. Perkins 