American Airlines¨ 
September 17, 2012 Delivered via electronic mail -beckhorns@michigan.gov Stephanie L. Beckhorn Manager, WIA Section Workforce Development Agency 201 N. Washington Square Lansing, Ml 48913 Re: Worker Adjustment and Retraining Notification (WARN) Act Notice Dear Stephanie: As you know, American Airlines (FEIN 13-1502798) has experienced many challenges over the past several years and we recently announced a restructuring plan which has been designed to position American Airlines for long-term success and operational efficiency. We continually review every aspect of our business to ensure we remain competitive and are able to sustain our long-term business objectives. As part of our restructuring, each workgroup was obligated to reduce costs necessary for the successful reorganization of American Airlines. Regrettably, reducing our costs requires that we must make a number of tough decisions. Several of these very difficult decisions involved modifying work rules so as to allow American Airlines to outsource certain work across the American Airlines system, which will result in a reduction in force. We are making an attempt to mitigate the number of employees who may experience an employment loss as a result of this reduction in force by offering voluntary separation options. Unfortunately, the reality is that our employee population will be affected by the steps we must take. To the extent that WARN laws apply, this letter serves as notice that, we expect an approximate employment loss of 53 employees on or around November 16, 2012 at the Detroit Metropolitan Wayne County Airport in Detroit, Michigan. The breakdown of job classifications and number of employees in each classification at the Detroit Metropolitan Wayne County Airport that may experience an "employment loss" (as defined by WARN) is as follows: American Airlines¨ 
2 Airport Agents 46 Fleet Service Clerks/Crew Chiefs 2 Plant Maintenance 2 Ground Service 1 ManagemenUSupport Staff The Detroit Metropolitan Wayne County Airport is located at the following address: 
American Airlines, Inc. 
LC. Smith Terminal 
Detroit, Michigan 48242 
Fleet Service Clerks/Crew Chiefs, Plant Maintenance and Ground Services at American Airlines are represented by the Transport Workers Union of America. Their address is: Robert Gless Deputy Director Air Transport Division AA System Coordinator Transport Workers Union of America, AFL-CIO 1791 Hurstview Dr. Hurst, Texas 76054 817-282-2544 Involuntary reductions in force will be governed by the terms of the collective bargaining agreements (if applicable), as well as AA corporate policy, including the seniority lists and any provisions regarding "bumping rights." Management and non-managemenUsupport staff personnel do not have displacement (bumping) rights. At this time, these reductions in force are expected to be permanent. If you have any questions, please contact Tiffany Schildge at (817)963-7684. Sincerely, ~~.~~~ Michael J. Waldron Managing Director Diversity Strategies and Talent Development 