HostessBrandsI~w!ii~r 
November 13, 2012 Extension Of Conditional Notice Pursuant to the Worker Adjushnent and 
Retraining Notification Act 
Dear Employee: 
We are writing to update you on the conditional WARN notices that you received from the Company earlier this year regarding the potential occurrence of certain events that could lead to your separation from the Company. The Company's bankruptcy proceedings remain ongoing. Several of the unions representing Company employees obtained member ratification of the modified collective bargaining agreements the Company negotiated with those unions necessary to allow the Company to emerge from bankruptcy successfully. The Bakery, Confectionary, Tobacco Workers and Grain Millers International Union ("BCTGM") members and members of some of the other unions representing Company employees did not ratify the modified collective bargaining agreements applicable to them. The BCTGM beg~n picketing at certain facilities on November 9, 2012 and has initiated strikes at many of our bakeries. As we stated in previous notices, in the event of a failure to ratify the modified collective bargaining agreements or a strike, the Company will likely not be able to emerge successfully from bankruptcy and will have to begin to sell all or portions of its business and/or wind down its operations and liquidate, which would lead to a separation of your employment shortly thereafter. As of the date of this letter, the Cincinnati, Ohio, Seattle, Washington, and St. Louis, Missouri plants have been closed because ongoing strikes have crippled production at these locations. Other facilities may be shutdown in the future as a result of the impact the strike has had on production at those facilities. While our primary focus continues to be on completing a restructuring of the Company and emerging from chapter 11 as a viable company, it remains possible that, despite our best efforts, the Company may be required to sell all or portions of its business and/or wind down its operations and liquidate because of the occurrence of any of the events identified in the notices sent to you, including but not limited to the ongoing strike. Based on the best information available to the Company at this time, we believe that the Company should know by on or about December I, 2012 whether the Company will have to begin selling portions of its business and/or wind down its operations and liquidate, which would lead to a separation of your employment within 14 days thereafter. If you are employed by one of the closed facilities identified above you will be notified prior to December 1 of your termination date. If you have any questions, or would like further information, please contact our ASKHR call center at 1-800-Hostess ( 1-800-467-8377). Very truly yours, \ l~,J4.-t-á0-:.IIU~ Jeff Parlato Vice President, Human Resources and Labor Relations Hostess Brands, Inc. 6031 Connection Drive, Irving, TX 75039 -(9n) 532-4500 