RECEIVED OHIO DEPARTMENT JOB& FAMILY SERVIC~ zooqAPRIO P 2=e a~~':.TsoN 0 FF l CE OF Graphics and Reflective Products Division WORKFORCEOEVELOP~'9Ward Road Hamilton, Ohio 45011 April 7, 2009 Mr. Jeff Calhoun Manager, Rapid Response Dislocated Workers Unit 4020 E. 5th St. Columbus, OH 43219 VIA Overnight Mail Dear Mr. Calhoun, A very Dennison Corporation has developed plans to permanently shut down its operations at 8695 Seward Road, Hamilton, Ohio. Consistent with these plans, employment terminations are expected to commence on or about June 8, 2009. The Company is still determining the dates of when later terminations will occur, and you will be notified as soon as practicable when these decisions have been made. These plans, when finalized, will be permanent and they will involve the entire facility. At this time, the Company anticipates that the first group of affected employees will have their employment terminated during a 14-day period commencing on June 8, 2009. A list of job titles, the number of employees currently holding affected positions, and the expected timing of employment terminations accompanies this letter as Attachment A. This announcement and the above timetable are based on the best information currently available. However, various factors may still affect the timing of any employment terminations. You will be informed of any significant changes in these plans as additional information becomes available, including notification of additional employment terminations that are expected. Affected employees will not have the opportunity to bump or displace other employees of the Company. To the extent that the above actions constitute a covered event under the Worker Adjustment and Retraining Notification Act, this letter is intended to fulfill any requirements imposed under the Act. By providing this information, the Company does not concede that the Act applies or that notice is otherwise required. If you have any questions or desire additional information, please contact Liz Bixeman, Regional HR Manager at 219-322-9835. Very truly yours, 1<~//;;:d_ Russell Hatcher Plant Manager A very Dennison Hamilton, Ohio (513) 682-7523 1 
A VERY DENNISON CORPORATION ATTACHMENT A As explained in the accompanying letter, we anticipate that the job titles and the number of employees listed below will be affected by a permanent shutdown of Avery Dennison Corporation's operations located at 8695 Seward Road, Hamilton, Ohio. 1. 	Job Position Eliminations Tentatively Scheduled To Occur During a 14-Day Period Commencing on June 8, 2009. Customer Service Representative 	3 Employees 2. 	Additional employment termination dates are being determined, and therefore, additional notices will be submitted. 1N3Wd013!'30 3JHO.:JWHOM 30 ::JJl.:1.:JO 1 h O :zd O I HdV bOOZ 2 
