February 4, 2009 To: Creative Extruded Employees From: Timothy K. Mach Subject WARN Notification Legal Notification The intent of this letter is for Creative Extruded Products Inc. to comply with the Worker Adjushnent Retraining and Notification (WARN) Act This is a second notice. Conditions have not improved since our first notice on December 10, 2008. There is still a great deal of uncertainty in the Automotive Industry. Creative Extruded Products Inc. manufactures product for the automotive industry. As you have no doubt seen on the news, the automotive industry is undergoing a severe correction in its current demand. The correction is trickling down and impacting our customer demand. At this point, we are optimistic that the change in demand will be short-term. However, demand for January 2009 is very light. Unfortunately, much of this is out of our control. With this letter, Creative Extruded Products Inc. is providing conditional notice to our union, to our employees, and to our state and local governments that our business will very likely see a significant scope reduction should the decreased demand for January 2009 continue for an extended period and/or in the event that General Motors closes and/ or idles facilities that ultimately receive our product. To be specific, a closufeor.fCileat the below the facilities would impact Creative Extruded Products: ~OH  Orion, Ml  Fairfax, KS  Oshawa, Ontario  Lansing, MlDelta Twp.  Spring Hill, TN  LansinQ, Ml  Should one or more of these GM Facilities be closed and or idled, Creative Extruded Products will be forced to alter its staffing within 60 days of the closing and or idling. The scope of General Motors actions will determine the magnitude of the staffing level change. Mass layoffs (more than 1/3 of our workforce for a period exceeding six months) and/or a plant closure··•·~. While Creative Extruded Products will strive to minimize job loss, the company wants to provide you with as much notice as possible under the circumstances of the potential future reduction in staffing. As details become more concrete, we will provide additional information and notices. Sincerely, . Q ~:~ Vice President of Operations Creative Extruded Products, Inc. lN]i,J d073/\]Q ];JHO.:i}W , CC: 	Gary Lucas, Staff Representative, USW District 1 JO 3:Jf:UO Ok 
Mayor Timothy Evans qI :g \-I 
Ohio Department of Job & Family Services v O I 93.J bOOZ 
S3:JiM130 )~, 1 ,,_, • 1N3~ 0 ·' u,,.,v.d~ 80r l~:;td]O OIHO 011i/JJ]H Creative Extruded Products. Inc.  Phone 937 667-4485  An 1$09001  Company  1414 Commerce Park Drive  Fax 937-667-3647  Tipp City, OH 45371  www.creativeextruded.com  