DuPont Company P.O. Box89 Circleville, OH 431 13 ~ DuPont Circleville zaaqJUL-2 p I: 43 July 1, 2009 Rapid Response Section Bureau of Workforce Services Ohio Department of Job & Family services Worker Department of Job & Family Services Worker Adjustment Retraining Notification (WARN) Act P.O. Box 1618 Columbus, Ohio 43216-1618 Re: Notice of Plant Closing and Layoffs Pursuant to WARN To Whom It May Concern, This letter is to inform you, pursuant to any possible obligation under the federal Worker Adjustment and Retraining Notification Act ('WARN"), that due to economic conditions, DuPont will lay off employees at its facility at 800 DuPont Road, Circleville, Ohio, 43113, starting on August 31, 2009. We are notifying you that as a result of these layoffs at this facility, we anticipate that 65 full-time and part-time employees will be separated from employment by the end of 2009. The layoffs will result in "employment losses" in the following job classifications: Job title Number Operator 30 Mechanic 20 Clerical 4 Engineer 5 Supervisor 4 HR Generalist 1 Lean Manufacturing Practicioner 1 Affected employees will be paid all wages and other benefits to which they are entitled through their date of termination. DuPont will also provide eligible employees severance pay based upon the period of time they have worked for DuPont, one month's pay for every two years of service, up to one year of salary. No other severance pay is required by law, agreement, or Company policy. Because this is a permanent layoff, and because DuPont does not recognize bumping rights for its employees, terminated employees are not permitted to displace remaining employees based on seniority or any other factor. DuPont will also make available to all affected employees information regarding any employment opportunities available at any other location operated by the Company, including information about the benefits, pay, location, and other terms and conditions of any such employment opportunities. This notice is given based upon the best information available to the Company at this time. For further information, please contact me at the above address or by telephone at 740-474-0235. Sincerely, Mike A. Dutton Site HR and Community Affairs Manager 