FORMED FIBER TECHNOLOGIES February 11, 2009 Department of Job & Family Services State of Ohio r-:1 Attn: Jeff Calhoun C) -u Columbus, Ohio 43216-1618 n, ~ :z: ~ RE: Notice of Mass Layoff Under Worker Adjustment and Retraining Notification Act Dear Mr. Calhoun: This letter is being provided pursuant to the Worker Adjustment and Retraining Notification Act of 1988, which requires employers to give official notice to certain governmental units of a mass layoff Formed Fiber Technologies (FFT) operates a facility at 1620 Ferguson Court, Sidney, Ohio, 45365. A number of employees at the facility have been placed on short-term layoff since December 1, 2008. FFT announced that these layoffs would be short-term because it was our expectation, based on the best information that we had at the time, that the layoffs would be temporary in nature and would not exceed six months for any employee. Because of recently changed business forecasts and unforeseen circumstances, FFT' s expectations have changed and it is now expected that many of the December and January temporary layoffs may, in fact, extend beyond six months. The recently changed circumstances include evidence that the federal bailout funds targeted for the automobile industry are not resulting in increased automobile sales; last week's announcements of sharp declines in automobile sales in January, 2009, compared to January, 2008; and further analysis indicating that annualized automobile sales will be significantly lower during at least the first half of 2009 compared to the prior year. Due to these changed circumstances, FFT is hereby giving notice under the Worker Adjustment and Retraining Notification ("WARN') Act of the possibility that the December and January layoffs will exceed six months in duration, resulting in a mass layoff In the current economic climate, our business prospects are very difficult to predict, and it remains our hope that these layoffs will be temporary and that laid off employees will be brought back to work. In the event that employees are not recalled to work within 6 months, however, they will be separated from employment 6 months after the date they last performed work for FFT (beginning May 1, 2009) or within 14 days thereafter. Bumping rights do exist at this facility for some associates. Attached is a list of the job titles of positions affected by this action and the number of affected employees in each job classification at the facility. For further information, you may contact me at 207-784-1135. Sincerely, ~~ Fred Frohardt Director Planning & Administration Enclosures FFT Sidney Positions Affected  Production Operators  90  Maintenance Technicians  12  Quality Auditors  6  Labeler/Repacker  3  Shipping/Receiving  Drivers  2  Shipping/Receiving  Clerk  1  Production Drivers  6  Quality Technician  1  Process Technician  3  Clerks  2  Manufacturing Engineer  1  Sr. Quality Engineer  Design Engineer  129  