SENCO Fax 5133882073 May 11 2009 09;5dam P002/002 PRODUCTS Memorandum 
Date:  May 8, 2009  To:  All employees ofthe SENCORP I SENCO family of companies  from:  Peter vander Wei  Subject  Worker  Adju.stmcÈt aad ~tr:aini.ng Act Notice  As I am sure you are aware, SENCORP, and its subsidiaries,SenooProducts,Inc., Global fastening Solutions, llC, Tyrex, LLC, Nexicor, LLC, Omnifast, LLC, S.C. Financial, lnc., Serico International, Inc., Sentron Medica1, lnc., Agrif3st, LLC, Se.noo Export, Inc., Sensource Global Sourcing, LLC, and Gregg Laboratories,Inc. (the "Seoco Entities") filed for bankruptcy protection on May 8, 2009. As part of its bankruptcy proceedings,the Senco Entities have beennegotiating to sell substantially all of their assets. Any such sale wiU,of course, be subject to certain conditions, including bankruptcy court approval. However, it is anticipaterlthat if a sale is approved and consummated ALL employeeswill be tenninated from the Senco entities including those working at the followinglocations which have 50 or more employees: 8450 BroadwellRood, Anderson Township, Ohio and 4270 Ivy Pointe Boulevard, Cincinnati,Ohio. While an exact date has yet been established for a sale, it is anticipated to take place ~July 17, 2009 and July 31, 2009. We have received a commitmentfrom Wynnchuixh Capital and Great Lakes Equity Partners (the '"buyers'')>to buy substantially all of the SencoEntities' assets. In connection with such sale, the buyers have committedto hire substantiallyall of our employees. Thesale to the buyers roust be approved by the bankruptcy court and remains subject to overbids by other potentiallyinterested buyers. Accordingly, Wynnchurch and Great Lakes may not be the \.\-'IOningbidder, andtherefore at this time it can not be derennined which employees may not be hired by any potential buyer of our assets. Therefore, upon consummation of the sale of the Senco Entities' assets you will be permanently terminated from employment with the Sen.co Entities, but you may or may not be offered employment with a buyer following the sale. This notice is being given to you pursuant to the Worker Adjustment and Retraining NotificationAct of l 988 ("WARN''), which re.quiresemployers to give official notice to affected employees of a pending ''mass layoff''. If a buyer of the Senco Entities' assets does not hire a sufficient number of our employees or if a sale of out assets does not occur, then a mass layoff under WARN will be triggered. As part of any sale you will not have any "bt.anping" rights. ln other words,you do not have the right to take anorher employee's job. Should you have any questions, please contact Mark Stoeber Director, Human Capital Management at 513-388-2551. -P
I , Peter van der Wei President 