CBI ~001/002 lk 11• Ql.li.~11,, Pfrr-ti, "4lfltllMi'II"" l»t. VIA REGULAR MAIL, FACSIMILE & EMAIL Rapid Response Section Bureau of WIA Ohio Departmeor of Job & Family Services P.O. Box 1618 Columbus, Ohio 43216-1618 Fax : (614) 728-5938 Email:rapdresp@jfs .ohio.gov Re: Closure of Spring Air/Consolidated Bedding Facility in Columbus, Ohio Dear Sir or Madam: I am writing to inform you that Spring Air/Con~olidatcd Bedding is closing its manufacturing facility located 11.l 2221 Jobn Glenn A.venue in Columbus, Ohio. Beginning tomorrow, the entire facility will cease production., and employees working at the facility will ce!llle working. The compaoy Also ha.~ filed for bankruptcy protection and will be liquidating its assetsas part of the bankruptcy process. The company expects this closure of this facility to be penna.nent. The following is a list of the job titles of each position which will be affected by the closure and the number of a.ffecl¢d employees in each job cl89sification : Box Spring Frame Build -D Count  6  Box Spring Hand Tie -D Count  1  Box Spring Sewing -D Count  3.  Box Spring Top-off -D Count  1  Box Spring Upholstery -D Count  i·  l,eads -I Count  2  Matt Finish -Foam Encase· D  Count  1  Matt Finish -Hogring • D Count  5  Matt Finish· Tape Edge -D Count  7  Mattress finishing -I Count  3  Operations Count  2  Plant Manager Count  1  Plant Supervision " I Count  4  Quality Assurance -I Count  3  Quilt Sewing (all others) • D Count  4  Qullt Sewing Cutting • D Count  1  Quilt/quilt Sewing -I Count  2  Quilting (Machines Only) " D  Count  7  Receiving -I Count  2  Sales Managers Count  2  Sales Representatives Count  6  Stagers • I Count  :\  ~002/002Yv/ Y.J/ LVV,:;J , c;i ... ,j ~ I',/\ tJ I ;H:i~ (i:j (o3 CBI Sales Representatives Count 1 There are no bumping rights of any employees. This unforronaie closure is occurring primarily because the company can no longer afford to keep the facility open .md operating. For the past several mooths, the company has been diligetJ.lly and actively seeking financing and bn.:I earnestly endeavored to increase sales which would have provided the revenue to enable the company to keep the facility open and running for several week~ and months, and the company has throughout ihii:; period considered il:i chances co obt.ain this financing and increased revenue to be reahstic and promising. However, the company very recently ha:i become unable to obtain the financing and increased revenue it has sought. Although the coill,pany bas sought financing from several sources, on April 28, 2009 the company's primary source for financing infonned the company that il has chosC11 to ceue futuro funding. Although the company since then atrompted to secure other interim financing from other sources, it has not been able to do so. The company would have informed the employees earlier of the closure if il actually bad believed earlier that the closure would be necessary. In addition, if che company had informed employees earlier of a possible or likely closure, the comp!lfly':s financing source in all likelihood would have chosen to cease providing funding then and much earlier thanit did, and the company's retail partners, suppliers and vendors in all likelihood would have curtailed or stopped doing bu..~iness with the company. If you would like any additiollt\l information from lhc company, please feel free to contact Katie Sems the company's VP ofHl.llruUl Resources at 813-416-4754. Sincerely, ~ VP ofifoman Resources 