i! i SUMCdlltioenfi'diii~tati® ""'-Tel (t>13) l>W-2730 ~3l Gr.mdinRoad -Fax (!>l31 ~3-2639 SMCO Maincmli..:. Ott 41>{)3\;l-9H2-June 23, 2009 Mr. Douglas Lumpkin, Director The Ohio Department of Job and Family Services 30 E. Broad Street, 32nd Floor Columbus, Ohio 43215 Dear Director Lumpkin: Re: WARN Act Notice -Worker Adjustment and Retraining Notification Act This letter is to inform you pursuant to the Worker Adjustment and Retraining Notification ("WARN") Act of Section 29, United States Code, that SUMCO Phoenix Corporation plans to permanently discontinue operations at its facility at 537 Grandin Road, Maineville, Ohio 45037. General production operations are anticipated to cease by March 31, 2010, with the potential for very limited production activities thereafter to fulfill customer transitions that may continue through June 30, 2010. Site-closure activities are expected to continue for some period thereafter. The facility has a current employment of 354, plus 10 associated corporate employees. All production-related positions and most of the associated corporate positions will be impacted by the closure. It is difficult to anticipate customer reaction to the closure announcement, such as building inventory, transitioning and qualifying product at other SUMCO facilities, or purchasing from other non-Company sources. Regardless of these actions, employee reductions will not begin until September 1, 2009 at the earliest. Employees will be provided interim advance notice as reduction schedules are determined, in accordance with the WARN Act. The Company is notifying other federal, state and local agencies, along with associated local governments, officials, communities, businesses and associations. Employee briefings are being conducted to properly notify employees of the closure and the anticipated reduction-in-force processes. Employees are being given formal WARN notification and information regarding transition-support activities. The Company regrets the loss of employment and the impact upon the employees, their families, the community, business associates and the state of Ohio. The Company also appreciates the relationships built and the support shown for operation of the Maineville facility during its years of operation. WARN Act Notice 
Page2 
The Company will work closely with state and local agencies, services and providers, and will inform all of any significant changes in the anticipated activities associated with the closure. If you have any questions regarding this announcement, please contact Nancy Norman, Communications Coordinator in the General Affairs Department of SUMCO Phoenix Corporation, 19801 N. Tatum Boulevard, Phoenix, Arizona 85050, (480) 473-6019, or nancy.norman@sumcousa.com. Very truly yours, ~!/~Robert Koehler Plant Manager Maineville Facility SUMCO Phoenix Encl: WARN Notice S37 Gt3ndin Ro.lid· f.lalnevrlltl. OH 45-039.9772 • Tel (513) 583·UOO · Fax (513) 583·2'697 Employee WARN Notice & Posting Worker Adjustment and Retraining Notification Act June 23, 2009 This Notice and Posting is an Employee Notice pursuant to the Worker Adjustment and Retraining Notification Act ("WARN Act") of Section 29, United States Code that SUMCO Phoenix Corporation plans to permanently discontinue operations at 537 Grandin Road, Maineville, Ohio 45037. Production operations are anticipated to cease by March 31, 2010, with the potential for very limited production activity to fulfill customer transitions that may continue through June, 2010. Site-closure activities are expected to continue for some period thereafter. It is difficult to anticipate customer reaction to the closure announcement, such as building inventory, transitioning and qualifying product at other SUMCO facilities or to purchase from non-Company sources. Regardless of these actions, employee reductions will not begin until September 1, 2009 at the earliest. Employees will be provided interim advance notice as reduction schedules are determined, in accordance with the WARN Act. The Company is notifying the required federal, state and local governments of the closure, along with other appropriate federal, state and local governments, officials, communities, businesses and associations. Employees will continue to be informed throughout the closure process of any significant activities, expectations and changes. Reduction in force notices will be made as soon as reasonably possible and in compliance with the WARN Act. The Company will work closely with state and local agencies, services and providers to assist employees through the transition process. The Company has also filed for Trade Adjustment Act assistance that may provide additional benefits including training, benefit extensions and other services. The Company will maintain an active set of Q&As and an employee resource center to provide employee-transition services. If you have any questions regarding this announcement, please contact Eric Bostian, Human Resources Director of the facility, 513-583-2781, 537 Grandin Road, Mainville, Ohio 45037 or eric.bostian@sumcousa.com, 