Taylor Made Glass Systems 407 North Maple Street Payne, OH 45880 Phone: 419-263-2313 ¥Fax: 419-263-2661 OFFP2~ Gi:.;/ORKFORCEDEVELOPHEijarch 20 , 2009 Rapid Response Section 
Bureau of WIA 
Ohio Department of Job and Family Services 
P.O. Box 1618 Columbus, Ohio 43216-1618 This letter serves as notice pursuant to the Workers Adjustment and Retraining Notification Act (WARN), of a series of layoffs impacting employees of Taylor Made Glass Systems at 407 N. Maple St. Payne Ohio 45880 . A number of employees at Taylor Made Glass Systems (TMGS) have been placed on short-term layoff since November 3, 2008. TMGS announced that these layoffs would be short-term because it was our expectation, based on the best information that we had at the time, that the layoffs would be temporary in nature and would not exceed six months for any employee. Because of recently changed business forecasts and unforeseen circumstances, TMGS expectations have changed and it is expected that many of the temporary layoffs that started in November 2008 may extend beyond six months. Due to these changed circumstances, TMGS is hereby giving notice under the Workers Adjustment and Retraining Notification ("WARN") Act of the possibility that the layoffs starting in November 2008 will exceed six months in duration , resulting in a mass layoff. In the current economic climate, our business prospects are very difficult to predict, and it remains our hope that these layoffs will be temporary and that laid off employees will be brought back to work. The company recognizes that it could not provide such notice that far in advance due to unforeseeable business circumstances regarding the dramatic downturn in the national economy and our volume losses from our customer base . Given the economic climate , the company was simply unable to forecast sixty days into the future . Management personnel of TMGS continuously have and will continue to communicate with its employees regarding the impact of the economy on the business and the decline in order rates. During plant meetings, employees are counseled on the status of the business and the possibility of layoffs if the order rates continue to fall. For further information, please feel free to call me. (, .Rerd . __ .,,. ....-_9 1l :~L~~-,,/I' \ ! John 'Schoonover 
, ._Qirector of Glass Operations 
Taylor Made Systems, Payne, Ohio 
