Peter Venter 6125 E. 18 Mile Road \:J.-...\acumenf Vice President and General Manager Sterling Heights, Michigan Acumen! North America GLOBAL TECHNOLOGIES 48314 January 12, 2009 RECEIVED Chong-Anna Canfora, Director 
Rapid Response Section 
JAN 1 3 2009 Michigan Department of Labor & Economic Growth 611 West Ottawa Street , 4thFloor Lansing, Ml 48909 RAPID RESPONSE WORKFORCE SPROGRAMDear Ms. Canfora: Today's challenging economic conditions in North America have required all businesses to assess their operations and take action to improve their financial and operational performance wherever possible . Acument Global Technologies is no exception . We have experienced significant volume declines in recent months, particularly for automotive.related products. As a result, many of our North American plants are operating at a very low level of capacity utilization. Industry volumes are expected to remain at dramatically low levels for 2009 and beyond. After careful consideration of our situation , Acument Global Technologies has made the difficult decision to close its Fenton manufacturing facility located at 2480 Owen Rd in Fenton, Michigan. The closure will occur in phases, beginning with anticipated separations of approximately 66 employees on March 13, 2009 . Approximately 32 additional separations will occur on March 27, 2009 and the remainder of the separations are expected to occur by the end of April 2009. A list of job titles to be affected with the number of each employee in each title is attached. Naturally, our greatest concern with this closure is the approximately 105 people currently employed or having recall rights at our Fenton Operations facility . We have shared our decision with them, and will continue to keep them informed as we implement the steps needed to gradually shut down and close the plant. We're committed to treating all of our people at the facility with compassion and respect during this transition time, and will provide them with fair employment termination benefits when they leave the business. Our employees will not have any bump rights under the circumstances of this plant closure. The chief elected spokesperson for the Employee Bargaining Committee is Marc Prescott, his address is 1101 Hubble Drive Rd. Holly Mi. 48442 . Please be aware the layoffs associated with this closure will be conducted in accordance with the Policy Requirements of the U.S. Worker Adjustment and Retraining Notification, or WARN, Act. We intend to give employees adequate lead time to explore other employment options and make a transition plan for their families . By providing you this notice, Acument Global Technologies would ask that your office help the plant's employees find other job opportunities through the appropriate local, state and federal agencies . To accomplish this, please work with Regional Human Resources Manager, Michigan Region, John Mahoney at (810) 953-4532. On behalf of Acument Global Technologies , thank you in advance for any assistance that your organization can provide our employees . We'll keep you informed as we finalize the details of our plans to close the Fenton plant. In the meantime, please feel free to contact me at (586) 323-4622 or pventer@acument.com with any questions or concerns you may have. You also may contact Timothy Weir , Director of Communications & Public Affairs at tweir@acument.com, (248) 813-6329. Sincerely, Peter Venter , Vice President and General Manager Acument North America Cc: 	Sue Osborn , Mayor, City of Fenton Lynn H. Markland, City Manager, City of Fenton Attachment: Page2 Controller General Factory Header Operator Heat Treat Operator Work C611Operator Machine Operator Supervisor Planner/Scheduler Plant Engineer Plant Manager Pointer/Roller Setup Prod Control Mgr Production Maintenance Production Manager QC Control Quality Engineer Quality Manager Roller Operator Shipping Steff Accountant Toolmaker Toolmaker Repair Fenton Operations WARN List 1 3 20 5 4 6 4 1 7 1 1 16 3 1 12 10 105 