May8,2009 RECEIVED VIA FEDERAL EXPRESS MAY11 2009 
Michigan Department of Labor & Economic Growth 
Rapid Response Section 
RAPIDRESPONSE 611 West Ottawa Street, 4th Floor WORKFORCEPROGRAMS P.O. Box 30004 
Lansing, Michigan 48909 
Re: 	Mass Layoff at American Axle & Manufacturiog, Inc.'s 
Three Rivers Manufacturiog Facility 
Dear Rapid Response Section: This letter is written pursuant to the Worker Adjustment and Retraining Notification ("WARN") Act, 29 U.S.C. ¤ 2101 et seq., to notify you that American Axle & Manufacturing, Inc. ("AAM'') currently expects a mass layoff at the ThreeRivers Manufacturing Facility ("TRMF"), located at One Manufacturing Drive, Three Rivers, Michigan, 49093, which will occur in phases commencing on May 18, 2009. '!be mass layoff will result in temporary but indefinite layoffs of employees in the UAW local bargaining unit, in order of seniority within equalization groups pursuant to the local collective bargaining agreement ("CBA"). This action is tbe result of unexpected massive reductions in production volumes necessitated by: (J) General Motors' unanticipated announcement that it will be shutting down a large number of its manufacturing facilities for an extended period this Summer, and (2) Chrysler LLC's recent declaration of bankruptcy and its indefinite and unanticipated shutdown of all of its plant operations while the bankruptcy is pending. Due to this unforeseen development and its dramatic impact on AAM's production volumes, AAM is unable to provide a full 60 days of notice to the UAW employees who will be impacted by this mass layoff. As indicated, as to the UAW employees who will be impacted by this layoff, it is intended thatthis layoff will be temporary, but given the economic uncertainties facing the automotive industry generally and AAM in particular, the duration of the layoff cannot at this time be determined. Although we hope that business conditions will begin to improve in the third quarter of 2009, it is possible that the layoff of UAW employees could extend beyond six months. As indicated, it is currently anticipated that the mass layoff will occur in phases, beginning with the 14-day perind between May 18, 2009 and May 31, 2009. AAM expects that additional phases of the mass layoff will be implemented between June I, 2009 and June 14, 2009. AAM currently anticipates that this mass layoff will affect 399 UAW-represented employees. A list of the affected UAW positions and the number of UAW employees in those positions is attached for each phase of the mass layoff. These affected employees do not have bumping rights to displace other the TRMC employees from their jobs due to the mass layoff. Prior to the periods during which the three phases of the mass layoff are implemented, certain of the afore.mentioned affected UAW employees may, pursuant to the CBA, voluntarily transfer to other positions in the TRMF that are slated for layoff during a later phase of the mass layoff. Likewise, the TRMF will be canvassing higher seniority UAW employees in each affected equaliz.ation group to determine, pursuant to the CBA, whether any such employees want to volunteer for layoff. AAM cannot anticipate whether such internal movement will occur or whether higher seniority UAW employees will volunteer for layoff, nor can AAM anticipate which UAW employees might be impacted by such actions, because decisions to voluntarily transfer to other jobs or to volunteer for termination are discretionary on the part of employees. Future notices will be sent to you as additional terminations occur. The affected UAW-represented employees are represented by the International Union, United Automobile, Aerospace and Agricultural Implement Workers of America, UAW Local 2093. The name and addresses of the chief elected officers of the international and local union are as follows: Ronald Gettelfinger 
President 
International Union, United Automobile, Aerospaceand Agricultural Implement Workers of 
America, UAW 
8000EastJefferson 
Detroit, MI 48214 
Garry King Chairman UAW Local2093 15802 HoffinanRoad ThreeRivers,MI 49093 Mr.Randy Sherfield UAW International Servicing Representative 15802 Hoffinan Road ThreeRivers,MI 49093 For further information regarding the mass layoff at the TRMF, please contact me at (269) 278.0244. For your information, a copy of this notice is also being sent to the Mayor of the City of Three Rivers. The information and notice in this letter are based on the best information currently available. Various factors may change the timing of the TRMF mass layoff. We will keep you informed of any significant changes to the information above if and when such changes occur. ~4 7 ~/'-AT/I' Karl Kontyko 
Personnel Director 
cc: Attachment List of Affected UAW Positions Driveshaft Asm Compo JS/OP Electrician Facilities Technician Factory Support Fork Truck Driver Highly Engineered JS/OP Mechanical Technicians Millwright Technician Toolmaker T echnican 120  23  17  1  12  5  8  1  29  6  112  21  14  2  11  3  13  1  Page 1 