AndroidTM 
2051$. CANAL, LANSING , Ml 48917 517-322-2305 FAX 517-322-2079 January 29, 2009 Deborah Hennessey Michigan Department of Labor and Economic Growth Bureau of Workforce Programs Workforce Transition Division, Rapid Response Section 201 North Washington Square, 5mFloor Lansing, Ml 48913 Dear Ms. Hennessey: This letter is to inform your office of Android Industries' plan to implement a layoff at its 
facility located at 2051 S. Canal, Lansing, Ml 48917. The notice is to comply with the federal 
Worker Adjustment and Retraining Notification (WARN) Act. 
Effective February 2, 2009, the facility's two shifts will alternate shifts weekly on a "day 
schedule" through the week of March 23, 2009. The entire facility will be temporarily shut 
down the week of March 2, 2009. 
Beginning March 30, 2009, the facility will operate only one day shift; the "second," or 
"evening," shift will be eliminated. Layoffs as a result of the elimination of this shift are 
expected to begin on March 30, 2009. Enclosed is a list of the job titles of positions affected 
and the names of the employees currently holding affected jobs. We expect the layoffs to be 
permanent. Affected employees are represented by UAW Local 652 and Region 1 ~C. The 
chief elected officer(s) of such union(s) are Mike Green, President Local 652 and Duane 
Zuckschwert, President UAW Region 1C. Bumping rights, if any, will be governed by the 
collective bargaining agreement. 
This layoff is the result of the sudden and unexpected decision of General Motors to 
reduce production at its Lansing Delta Township facility effective February 2, 2009. The 
decision of General Motors was outside of the control of Android Industries, and Android 
Industries was not informed of General Motors' decision until January 26, 2009. Greater 
advance notice was not, therefore, possible. 
If you have any questions regarding this, please contact Dave Brushaber or Lara 
Vardon at 517-322-2305 for further information. 
Sincerely, Android Industries Lansing Delta Township RECEIVED .-/) .~/ l/ ov1Je, lxo/,cc/' FEB O 2 2009 tara L. Vardon Human Resources Manager RAPID RESPONSE WORKFORCEPROGRAMS Barrett  William  Assemblv  Walker  latishua  Assembly  Brown  Vrctor  Assembly  BuTeam Leaderer  Duane  Hilo  Brewer  Homichuel  Assembly  Thomosoo  David  Assemblv  Skoczvlas  Brandon  Assemblv  Ma fish  Christopher  Hilo  Sigurani  Raphael  Assembly  Jackson  James  Assembly  Shannon  Mark  Assembly  Wetzel  Brian  Team Leader  Campbell  Nicolette  Assembly  Bradstreet  David  Assembly  Holland  Theresa  Assembly  Davis  Michael  Assembly  Nason  Kisha  Assembly  Bovenneh  Patrick  Assembly  Brvant  Georae  Hilo-QSG  Slanker  Eric  Maintenance  Montemavor  Ashley  Assembly  Frankovich  K.C.  Assemblv  Smith  Steven  Hilo  Smith  Sherry  Assembly  Harr  Justin  Assemblv  Detov  Dan  Assembly  Collier  Rudy  Assembly  Fickies  Eric  Hilo  Beach  Sherrv  Assembfv  Collander  Chester  Hilo  Thoma  Joshua  Assembly  Allen  Zari ca  Assembly l  Nelson  Cory  Hilo  Tiffany  Delores  Assemblv  Gilliam  Kristofer  Assemblv  Denning  Thad  Assembly  Wilmot  Cecil  Assembly  Matthews  Erika  Voluntarv Lavoff  Fredericks  Anthony  Team Leader  Miles  Richard  Team Leader  Collins  Aaron  Assemblv  Carter  Lawrence  Team Leader  HarTeam Leaderev  Gregory  Assemblv  Jenkins  Pamela  Assembly  Gleason  Wendv  Assembly  McCune  Victor  Hilo  Flores  Rachel  Assembly  Blain  Angelica  Assemblv  Vana  Mai  Assemblv  Vick  Rachel  Team leader  Pea  Larr ice  Assembly  Alexander  Brad  Assembly  Babb  Cory  Assemblv  Swan  Andre  Assemblv  Vue  Kue  Assemblv  Allarding  Troy  Assemblv  Milton  Donald  Assembly  Kellum  Nolan  Assemblv  Hamilton  Nathan  Assemblv  Vanq  VanQ  Assembly  Jackson  Danielle  Assembly  Yana  Chia  Assemblv  Lvsakowski  James  Assemblv  Stewart  Kandy  Assembly  Vue  Bee  Assemb!v  Foster  Andy  Assembly  Vue  YupenA  Assembly  Barlett  Schad  Assembly  Feldpaush  Justin  Assemblv  Leslie  Marcus  Assembly  Heming sen  Terrv  Shift Leader  Tincher  Barbara S.  Shift Leader  Franks  Michaels  Lia son  Slanker  Eric  Maintenance Tech  Beck  Mike  Maintenance Tech  Jones  Don  Qualitv  Feldoaush  Tonv  Containment Coordinator  Hawkins  Comelis  Dock Coordinator  Luther  Danielle  Receptionist  Rosiek  Jodie  Quality Enaineer  Swain  Amber  Material Planner  