One Big Boy Drive Warren, Ml 48091-5628 (586) 759-6000 NOTICE TO STATE OF MICHIGAN December 8, 2009 via/ax (517) 373-4648, email (.vancepl@micltigan.gov) and certified mail/return receipt requested Chong-Anna Canfora, Director Rapid Response Section Michigan Department of Labor & Economic Growth 611 West Ottawa Street P.O. Box 30004 Lansing, MI 48909 Dear Ms. Canfora: This letter is to notify you that Big Boy Restaurants International LLC and its wholly.owned subsidiary, Big Boy Food Group LLC (the "Company"), is closing the Company's Ready-to-Eat packaging operations (the "RTE Operations") at 4199 Marcy, Warren, MI 48091 effective December 8, 2009. This notice is being provided pursuant to the Workers' Adjustment Notification and Retraining Act (WARN). The reason for reducing the WARN notice period for this layoff and termination of employees and closing of the RTE Operations of the Company is as follows: On October 23, 2009, the Company was required to temporarily suspend its RTE Operations and layoff a number of its employees as a result of a shutdown of the RTE Operations ordered by the USDA. At the time, the Company believed this suspension of the RTE Operations would be temporary. Since the shutdown, the Company has been working diligently with outside consultants it hired to locate the source of the problem identified by the USDA, and attempt to correct it so we could resume RTE operations. In doing so, the Company spent hundreds of thousands of dollars. The Company was able to determine that the source of the problem was certain contaminated equipment provided to the Company by our customer. We demanded that the customer take certain steps to work with us so that we could correct the problem and resume the RTE Operations. The customer has now advised us it that it refuses to do so. After learning of that refusal, we now have concluded that it is simply not economically feasible for the Company to correct the problem and resume the RTE Operations. A TRADITION OF QUALITY 
Chong-Anna Canfora, Director December 8, 2009 Page2 Attached you will find a list of the employees' job titles and the total number of employees that will be affected in each such classification. The expected date of the first termination is December 8, 2009, and all employees of the RTE Operations will be terminated on that date. There is no union that represents the employees of the RTE Operations, and there are no provisions in the Company's policies that provide the affected employees with transfer, bumping, or reassignment rights. The closing of the RTE Operations is expected to be permanent, and the termination of the employment of employees who work in it is expected to be permanent. For further information or if you have any questions, please contact Ralph Geromette, Executive Vice President of Procurement and Wholesale Operations, 4199 Marcy, Warren MI 48091, 586.755.8245. Sincerely. BIG BOY FOOD GROUP LLC ~G~ 
Executive Vice President A TRADITION OF QUALITY 
JOB TITLES OF POSITIONS NUMBER OF AFFECTED EMPLOYEES Job Titles of Each Position Affected Manager Assistant Manager Sanitation Manager Line Leader Internal Quality Assurance Hi-Lo Driver Sanitation Line Worker AFFECTED AND IN EACH CLASSIFICATION Number of Affected Employees in each Position/Classification 1 1 1 1 2 4 5 88 A TRADITION OF QUALITY 
