~ Michigan Casting Center 
14638 Apple Drive 
TECHNOLOGIESCO. Fruitport, Ml 49415 CASTING Nonce OF LAYOFF TO AFFECTED EMPLOYEES PURSUANT TO THI! WORKER ADJUSTMENT AND RETRAINING NOTIFICAnON (WARN) ACT To: ÇAddressB!od<> Date: March 3, 2009 As ~s been previously announced at the February 24, 2009 cornmunlcatlon meeting, Casting Technologies Company ls experiencing a significant downturn in business. This notice, which is issued In compliance with the Worker Adjustment and Retraining Notification (WARN} Act, IS to Inform you that CTC willbe layingoff a substantial number of hourlyemployeesat the MichiganCastingCenlerfacilily located at 14638 Apple . Drive,Fruilpolt. Ml 49415. The layoffs willbe permanent and will not include the entire plant. The first separation date is expec1a1161D 6, 2009 inVOlvinga m.rnber of active employees and on March 13, 2009 for an add'itionai number of be Man::11 hourly employees who are currently on temporaiy layoff. The lnformation provided below repraeents the best information availableto the company at the time this noticewas issued. 1. Haw many individuals will be laid off? Although It ls impossible to predict how many associates will be laid off, it Is estimated to be anywhere from 40 or more hour1yassociates throughout different l:lmes In the month of March and possibly April. Business needs wlll dictate If additional layoffs will become necessary In the future. 2. Is the company at risk? Is there a posslblllty that the plant wlll cfose? The automotive lndusby is very volatile right now. Many companies are struggling to keep their doors open In the worst economic times we've seen In many years. The managementstaff at CTC Is dedicated to this company and Its employees. Every effort wlll be rnade and all resources will be used to prevent this from happening. á á .3. Who can I contBct for /tHther information? If you have further questions or need additional information, you may contact Arlel Savaj, In the á Human Resources Department at (616) B42~35'00 ext 1023. 