November 24, 2009 Chong-Anna Canfora Director, Rapid Response Unit Michigan Department of Labor & Economic Growth 611 West Ottawa, 4th Floor, PO Box 30004 Lansing, Ml 48909 RE: Notice of Plant Closing Dear Ms. Canfora: This letter is to inform you that GHSP anticipates that it will permanently terminate employment of all employees at its Troy facility (located at 307 Robbins Drive, Troy, Ml 48083). This notice is being provided to comply with the federal Worker Adjustment and Retraining Notification (!NARN) Act. GHSP's competitive advantage lies in our ability to efficiently combine mechanical and electronic operations. Unfortunately, in order to achieve the level of integration and the overhead reduction necessary to be competitive in our product markets, we will have to permanently close our GHSP Troy operations facility (located at 307 Robbins Drive, Troy, Ml 48083) and move most of the work from that operation into the GHSP Grand Haven facility. This decision was arrived at after much difficult deliberation, and consideration of all potential options. The table below outlines the anticipated date ranges on which business will leave GHSP Troy and the employees who will experience permanent termination of employment as a result. Employees of GHSP Troy do not have bumping rights, and GHSP retains sole discretion to determine the order and timing of layoffs. This WARN notice will be re-issued to any affected employees iftheir actual date of separation falls outside the separation date range indicated in the table below. F~r further information, please do not hesitate to contact me at (61A IVE D 847C7E Sincerely,  E  ~-~o~  DEC122009  AmyRollston  Manager of North American Human Resources  RAPID RESPONSE  WORKFORCEPROGRAMS  November 13, 2009 Chong-Anna Canfora Director, Rapid Response Unit Michigan Department of Labor & Economic Growth 611 West Ottawa, 4th Floor, PO Box 30004 Lansing, Ml 48909 RE: Notice of Plant Closing Dear Ms. Canfora: This letter is to inform you that GHSP anticipates that it will permanently terminate employment of all employees at its Troy facility (located at 307 Robbins Drive. Troy, Ml 48083). This notice is being provided to comply with the federal Worker Adjustment and Retraining Notification (WARN) Act. GHSP's competitive advantage lies in our ability to efficiently combine mechanical and electronic operations. Unfortunately. in order to achieve the level of integration and the overhead reduction necessary to be competitive in our product markets. we will have to permanently close our GHSP Troy operations facility (located at 307 Robbins Drive, Troy, Ml 48083) and move most of the work from that operation into the GHSP Grand Haven facility. This decision was arrived at after much difficult deliberation, and consideration of all potential options. The table below outlines the anticipated date ranges on which business will leave GHSP Troy and the employees who will experience permanent termination of employment as a result. Employees of GHSP Troy do not have bumping rights, and GHSP retains sole discretion to determine the order and timing of layoffs. This WARN notice will be re-issued to any affected employees iftheir actual date of separation falls outside the separation date range indicated in the table below. Employment Termination Date Range  Employee Name  Januarv 15, 2010  Terrv Lvtle  January 15, 2010  GVvn.iy Zilahi  For further information. please do not hesitate to contact me at {616) 847-3179. Sincerely, RECEIVED ~~~l-NOV172009 AmyRonJn Manager of North American Human Resources RAPIO HE:.:.::¥'UI\J:;jt WORKFORCEPROGRAMS December 28, 2009 Chong¥Anna Canfora Director, Rapid Response Unit Michigan Department of Labor & Economic Growth 611 West Ottawa, 4th Floor. PO Box 30004 Lansing, MI 48909 RE: Notice of Plant Closing Dear Ms. Canfora: This letter is to inform you that GHSP anticipates that it will permanently terminate employment of all employees at its Troy facility (located at 307 Robbins Drive, Troy, Ml 48083). This notice is being provided to comply with the federal Worker Adjustment and Retraining Notification (WARN) Act. GHSP's competitive advantage lies in our ability to efficiently combine mechanical and electronic operations. Unfortunately, in order to achieve the level of integration and the overhead reduction necessary to be competitive in our product markets, we will have to permanently close our GHSP Troy operations facility (located at 307 Robbins Drive, Troy, Ml 48083} and move most of the work from that operation into the GHSP Grand Haven facility. This decision was arrived at after much difficult deliberation, and consideration of all potential options. The table below outlines the anticipated date ranges on which business will leave GHSP Troy and the employees who will experience permanent termination of employment as a result. Employees of GHSP Troy do not have bumping rights, and GHSP retains sole discretion to determine the order and timing of layoffs. This WARN notice will be re-issued to any affected employees if their actual date of separation falls outside the separation date range indicated in the table below. i I Employment Termination Date Ranae  Employee Name  February 28, 2010  Deborah Kelley  I  For further information, please do not hesitate to contact me at (616) 847-3179. Sincerely, RECErVEDIN~~\\0~1'\_. DEC 28 2009Amy RoH~ton Manager of North American Human Resources RAPIDRESPONSE 