Saginaw Plant 1860 S. Jefferson Saginaw, Ml 48601 Tel: (989) 754-3300 Fax: (989} 754-3301 http:/fwww.meansindustries.com ONE-WAY CLUTCHES ¥ CLUTCH PLATES &CLUTCH PACKS ¥ PRECISION STAMPINGS & ASSEMBLIES April 29, 2009 RECEtVED Department of Labor & Economic Growth Workforce Transition Unit MAY052009 5th Floor -Victor Office Center 201 North Washington Square RAPID RESPONSE Lansing, Michigan 48913 WORKFORCEPROGRAMS To Whom it May Concern, Means Industries, Inc., is a manufacturing company located in Saginaw. Michigan. Our company primarily serves as a supplier to the automotive industry. Given the current economic climate and circumstances affecting the automotive industry, we have found it necessary to provide notice to our employees of the possibility of indefinite layoffs for a substantial number of our employees at our Saginaw manufacturing facility located at 1860 S. Jefferson, Saginaw, Ml 48601. We are not experiencing a plant closing. Moreover, as of the date of this letter, we have not indefinitely laid off fifty or more employees at the Saginaw plant identified above. Thus, Means has not incurred federal WARN obligations at this time. However, there is a distinct possibility that indefinite layoffs may be necessary in the coming months or that temporary layoffs of less than six months (which do not trigger WARN) may have to be recast as indefinite layoffs. Unfortunately, we simply cannot at this time say with certainty if and when such indefinite layoffs will occur because the necessity for implementing layoffs is outside of our company's control and is entirely dependent upon the orders we receive from the automotive manufacturers, particularly General Motors ("GM") and Chrysler. In order to meet any WARN notice requirements that may exist in the future as a result of any bankruptcy filing by GM, Delphi, or Chrysler or other unforeseen drastic reduction in orders, we are notifying the Workforce Transition Unit, UAW Local 455 Unit 11, and the Mayor of Saginaw of the WARN notices we have provided to our employees and of the applicability of the unforeseeable business circumstance rule identified in the WARN act. The following job titles, along with the number of affected employees in each grouping are as follows:  8 Press Operators  3 Operator Maintenance  4 Die Setters  7 Sort/Inspect &Pack  12 Tap/Weld Operators  2 Stock Handlers  1 Tap/Weld Tech  4 Machine Repairman  1 Electrician  7 Tool &Die Makers  1 I-Shaft Operator  Up to 18 Salaried Staff  Notices of any layoffs will be implemented in accordance with the UAW collective bargaining agreement. Accordingly, any bumping rights that exist for bargaining unit employees under that Agreement will be satisfied. The language of the Agreement concerning bumping rights reads as follows: When it becomes necessary to reduce the work force, all probationary employees shall be laid off first, except those in the Skilled Trades. If it becomes necessary to further reduce the work force, employee shall be laid off within each classification where reduction is required in seniority order from lowest to highest. Thereafter, an employee so affected shall displace a less senior employee provided the reduced employee can perform the required job after receiving up to, but not more than five days of normal instruction to insure necessary familiarization. The name and address of the UAW business agent representing Means' employees and of the chief elected officer of UAW Local 455 Unit 11 is: Mr. Chad Wurtzel  Mr. William Waters  International Representative  Chairman, Local 455, Unit 11  Region D  500 Shattuck  Saginaw, Ml 48604  Finally, should you require further information in this matter, please contact Mr. Thomas Essenmacher, Director of Manufacturing, at (989) 754-3300 extension 2362. Very truly yours, c£1]~~?~L .n-l~a~Essenmacher Director of Manufacturing cc: 	UAW Local 455 Unit 11, Attention, Bill Waters UAW Local 455 Unit 11, Attention, Chad Wurtzel Honorable Joyce Seals, Mayor of Saginaw Masud Patterson, Attention Kraig M. Schutter, J.D., LL.M. Saginaw Plant 1860 S. Jefferson Saginaw, Ml 48601 Tel (989) 754-3300 Fax: (989) 754-3301 http://www. meansindustries. com ONE-WAY CLUTCHES ¥ CLUTCH PLATES & CLUTCH PACKS ¥ PRECISION STAMPINGS & ASSEMBLIES April 28, 2009 All Bargaining Unit and Salaried Employees, As you know, the sudden economic recession and other dramatic circumstances affecting the automotive industry have placed Means Industries in a precarious position outside of its control. Due to the general downturn in customer orders, we found it necessary to indefinitely layoff a substantial number of our employees at our Saginaw manufacturing facility, (especially salaried). The up-tick due to new work from closed Melvindale and build out of I-Shaft discontinuation as a fleeting deviation from this general trend. Although it is our sincere desire not to require any additional layoffs, our continuing review and assessment of the drastic circumstances in the automotive industry (particularly in Michigan) has regrettably lead management to conclude that further layoffs will most likely be necessary. It is not our intent to close the plant and Means Industries will do its utmost to maintain current employment levels through schedule adjustments and other measures. Unfortunately, future layoffs could affect any and all of our remaining employees. For example, we will most likely be forced in the near future to temporarily lay off a substantial number of employees in reaction to the General Motors nine-week shutdown announced this week to take effect in the near future. We simply cannot say with certainty which or how many employees will be laid off in the future. Those kinds of assessments can only be made based on which of our customers continue to decrease orders and the extent to which those orders are decreased. ,, A temporary lay off of six months or less does not implicate the federal Worker Adjustment and Retraining Notification Act ("WARN"). However, a permanent layoff of 50 or more employees could implicate WARN. While we cannot say with certainty that Means Industries will find it necessary to permanently lay off 50 or more workers within the next 60 days, such is a distinct possibility, especially if General Motors and/or Chrysler file for bankruptcy. Therefore, please consider this letter as 60 days written notice to you under WARN that you are subject to potential indefinite layoff from Means Industries. In the event you were to fall subject to an indefinite layoff within the next 60 days, you will be notified accordingly. Any employee with further questions should feel free to contact our human resources office. For those employees covered under the UAW collective bargaining agreement, you can also contact your union representative. Please also note that employees covered under the labor agreement may have bumping rights under Article IV, Section E, of that agreement. ~ry:;;yours, Yft-~(_~~ Tom Essenmacher Director of Manufacturing cc: 	Workforce Transition Unit UAW Local 455 Unit 11, Attention, Bill Waters, Chairman UAW Local 455 Unit 11, Attention, Chad Wurtzel, International Representative Honorable Joyce Seals, Mayor of Saginaw Saginaw Plant 1860 S. Jefferson Saginaw, Ml 48601 Tel: (989) 754-3300 Fax: (989) 754-3301 http:lfwww.meansindustries.com ONE-WAY CLUTCHES ¥ CLUTCH PLATES &CLUTCH PACKS ¥ PRECISION STAMPINGS & ASSEMBLIES August 21, 2009 Department of Labor & Economic Growth Workforce Transition Unit 5th Floor-Victor Office Center 201 North Washington Square Lansing, Michigan 48913 To Whom It May Concern, Means Industries, Inc .¥ is a manufacturing company located in Saginaw, Michigan. Our company primarily serves as a supplier to the automotive industly. We have learned from GM that it will resource its business to Steel Parts (and perhaps one or more other vendors) and that this move could be rapid. With the loss of significant Delphi business and GM's resourcing decision, we have found it necessary to provide notice to our employees of the possibility of indefinite layoffs for a substantial number of our employees at our Saginaw manufacturing facility located at 1860 S. Jefferson, Saginaw, Ml 48601. We are not experiencing a plant closing. Moreover, as of the date of this letter, we have not indefinitely laid off fifty or more employees at the Saginaw plant identified above. Thus. Means has not incurred federal WARN obligations at thrs time. However, there is a distinct possibility that indefinite layoffs may be necessaryin the coming months. Unfortunately, we simply cannot at this time say with certainty when such indefinite layoffs will occur because the necessity for implementing layoffs is outside of our company's control and is entirely dependent upon General Motors ("GM") and Delphi. In order to meet any WARN notice requirements that may exist in the future as a result of this lost work, we are notifying the Workforce Transition Unit, UAW Local455 Unit 11, and the Mayor of Saginaw of the WARN notices we have provided to our employees and of the applicability of the unforeseeable business circumstance rule identified in the WARN act. We are estimating the following job titles, along with the number of affected employees in each grouping will be affected when GM and Delphi resource their work: 3 Press Operators 3 Operator Maintenance 2 Die Setters 3 Sort/Inspect & Pack 19 T aplV\/eld Operators 2 Stock Handlers 1Tap/Weld Tech 3 Maintenance Employees 3 Roller Flattener Operators 5 Tool & Die Makers 6 I-Shaft Operator Various Salaried Staff" RECEIVED SEPO12009 RAPID Hl:::3PONSE WORKFORCE?ROGRAMS Notices of any layoffs will be implemented in accordance with the UAW collective bargaining agreement. Accordingly, any bumping rights that exist for bargaining unit employees under that Agreement will be satisfied. The language of the Agreement concerning bumping rights reads as follows: When it becomes necessary to reduce the work force, all probationary employees shall be laid off first, except those in the Skilled Trades. If it becomes necessary to further reduce the work force, employee shall be laid off within each classification where reduction is required in seniority order from lowest to highest. Thereafter, an employee so affected shall displace a less senior employee provided the reduced employee can perform the required job after receiving up to, but not more than five days of normal instruction to insure necessary familiarization. The name and address of the UAW business agent representing Means' employees and of the chief elected officer of UAW Local 455 Unit 11 is: Mr. Chad Wurtzel  Mr. William Waters  International Representative  Chairman, Local 455, Unit 11  Region D  500 Shattuck  Saginaw, Ml 48604  *Salaried terminations shall be based on Means' assessment of criticality, versatility, and special skills of the incumbents for being able to perform the limited work that would be left. Finally, should you require further information in this matter, please contact Mr. Thomas Essenmacher, Director of Manufacturing, at (989) 754-3300 extension 2362. Very truly yours, ut:_£~ L,
ii,.;;~~Essenmacher Director of Manufacturing cc: 	UAW Local 455 Unit 11, Attention, Bill Waters UAW Local 455 Unit 11, Attention, Chad Wurtzel Honorable Joyce Seals, Mayor of Saginaw Masud Patterson, Attention Kraig M. Schutter, J.D., LL.M. Saginaw Plant  1860 S, Jefferson  Saginaw, Ml 48601  Tel:  (989) 754-3300  Industries, Inc.  Fax: (989) 754-3301 http://www.meansindustries.com  ONE-WAY CLUTCHES ¥  CLUTCH PLATES & CLUTCH PACKS  ¥  PRECISION STAMPINGS & ASSEMBLIES  August 	21, 2009 All Bargaining Unit and Salaried Employees, Means has learned from GM that it will resource its business to Steel Parts (and perhaps one or more other vendors) and that this move could be rapid. With the loss of significant Delphi business and GM's resourcing decision, this will almost certainly result in substantial layoffs of hourly and salaried employees. Despite the loss of signftcant Delphi and GM business, we will still have S. Jefferson manufacturing operations. We also expect to negotiate a successor labor contract with the UAW in September of 2010 that addresses the needs of a much smaller, more focused business that still needs to be competitive on work rules, wages and benefit costs. Meanwhile, the seniority-based labor contract provisions that govern reductions in force will continue to apply. A temporary lay off of six months or less does not implicate the federal Worker Adjustment and Retraining Notification Act ("WARN"). However, a permanent layoff of 50 or more employees could implicate WARN. While we cannot say with certainty that Means Industries will find It necessary to permanently lay off 50 or more workers within the next 60 days, such is a distinct possibility, Therefore, please consider this letter as 60 days written notice to yau under WARN that yau are subject to potential indefinite layoff from Means Industries. In the event you were to fall subject to an indefinite layoff within the next 60 days, you will be notified accordingly. We recognize that changes of this nature are disruptive and disquieting, In giving this advance WARN notice, we hope that you will be able to make better personal plans, that Means will be able to help its workers make more orderly transitions, and that Means can count on your continued adherence to high work standards for the sake of our customers and our remaining employees. To be successful long term and to achieve future sales and employment recovery, we will still need to maintain quality and to meet our customer's schedules during this diffiuclt period of refocusing and reduction. Very truly yours, (_ 	. // /!!~-~~~-~---,,v/2_ <' Tom Essenmacher Director of Manufacturing cc: 	Workforce Transition Unit UAW Local 455 Unit 11, Attention, Bill Waters, Chairman UAW Local 455 Unit 11, Attention, Chad Wurtzel, International Representative Honorable Joyce Seals, Mayor of Saginaw 