MSP. 
.AN AAM COMPANY May 8, 2009 VIA FEDERAL EXPRESS Michigan Department of Labor & Economic Growth  RECEIVED  Rapid Response Section  611 West Ottawa Street, 4th Floor  MAY122009  P.O. Box 30004  Lansing, Michigan 48909  RAPID RESPONSE  Re:  Mass Layoff at MSP Industries  WORKFORCEPROGRAMS  Dear Rapid Response Section: This letter is written pursuant to the Worker Adjustment and Retraining Notification ("WARN") Act, 29 U.S.C. ¤ 2101 et seq., to notify you that MSP Industries ("MSP") currently expects a mass layoff at its facility located at 45 W. Oakwood Road, Oxford, Michigan, 48371, which will occur in phases commencing on May 18, 2009. The mass layoff will result in temporary but indefinite layoffs of employees in the UAW local bargaining unit, in order of seniority within equalization groups pursuant to the local collective bargaining agreement ("CBA"). It will also result in permanent layoffs of non-union employees at MSP. This action is the result of unexpected massive reductions in production volumes necessitated by: (1) General Motors' unanticipated announcement that it will be shutting down a large number of its manufacturing facilities for an extended period this Summer, and (2) Chrysler LLC's recent declaration of bankruptcy and its indefinite and unanticipated shutdown of all of its plant operations while the bankruptcy is pending. Due to this unforeseen development and its dramatic impact on MSP' s production volumes, MSP is unable to provide a full 60 days of notice to the UAW and non.union employees who will be impacted by this mass layoff. As indicated, as to the UAW employees who will be impacted by this layoff, it is intended that this layoff will be temporary, but given the economic uncertainties facing the automotive industry generally and MSP in particular, the duration of the layoff cannot at this time be determined. Although we hope that business conditions will begin to improve in the third quarter of 2009, it is possible that the layoff of UAW employees could extend beyond six months. The layoffs of non-union employees will, however, be permanent. As indicated, it is currently anticipated that the mass layoff of UAW employees will occur between May 18, 2009 and May 31, 2009. The layoff of non-union employees will begin on June 8, 2009 and run through June 21, 2009. MSP currently anticipates that this mass layoff will affect 168 UAW-represented employees and 8 non-union employees. UAW-Represented Employees: A list of the affected UAW positions and the number of UAW employees in those positions is attached for each phase of the mass layoff. These affected employees do not have bumping rights to displace other the MSP employees from their jobs due to the mass layoff. Prior to the periods during which the three phases of the mass layoff are implemented, certain of the afore-mentioned affected UAW employees may, pursuant to the CBA, voluntarily transfer to other positions in MSP that are slated for layoff during a later phase of the mass layoff. Likewise, MSP will be canvassing higher seniority UAW employees in each affected equalization group to determine, pursuant to the CBA, whether any such employees want to volunteer for layoff. MSP cannot anticipate whether such internal movement will occur or whether higher seniority UAW employees will volunteer for layoff, nor can MSP anticipate which UAW employees might be impacted by such actions, because decisions to voluntarily transfer to other jobs or to volunteer for termination are discretionary on the part of employees. Future notices will be sent to you as additional tenninations occur. The affected UAW-represented employees are represented by the International Union, United Automobile, Aerospace and Agricultural Implement Workers of America, UAW Local 235. The name and addresses of the chief elected officers of the international and local union are as follows: Ronald Gettelfinger President International Union, United Automobile, Aerospace and Agricultural Implement Workers of America, UAW 8000 EastJefferson Detroit, MI 48214 Jimmy Marsh Chairman MSP-UA W Local 9699 P.O. Box 355 Marlette, MI 48453 Ron Burleson President UAW Local 9699 P.O. Box 355 Marlette, MI 48453 Non-Union Employees: The exact magnitude of the layoff of non-union employees, the positions affected and the identity of the non-union employees selected for permanent layoff have not yet been determined. This is due, in part, to the pending completion of a Voluntary Salaried Retirement Incentive Program ("VSRIP") that is currently in effect and which is expected to be completed on June 4, 2009. It is also due, in part, to uncertainty about the current economic climate in the automotive industry, the viability of our current production plans and the changing needs of our automotive customers. As indicated, it is currently anticipated that the mass layoff will impact non-union employees during the 14-day period between June 8, 2009 and June 21, 2009. These affected employees do not have bumping rights to displace other MSP employees from their jobs due to the mass layoff. When the exact number, job titles and identity of workers to be affected have been determined, we will update this letter. In the interim, we have issued WARN notice letters to all MSP non-union employees who may be affected by this mass layoff. We have enclosed a list of the non-union positions that may be affected by the layoff and the number of employees currently in each of those positions. For further information regarding the mass layoff at MSP, please contact me at (313) 475-3098. For your information, a copy of this notice is also being sent to the Supervisor of the Township of Oxford. The information and notice in this letter are based on the best information currently available. Various factors may change the timing of the MSP mass layoff. We will keep you informed of any significant changes to the information above if and when such changes occur. cc: Attachment M,SP 
.AN AAM CO~PANY LISI QF POTENTIALLY AFFECTED POSITIONS Junea. 200a to June 21,2009 ~ttWEiir~il~Wfl~LIRfl:~fl-.11£q!llifJ~tJ~j+.. f~Jtli11 1 Account Manager 1 AdministrativeCoordinator 2 Area Manager -8/C Plant 1 CMCoordinator 1 Controls Engineer 1 Coordinator Maintenance 1 Director Personnel -A & B Pia 4 Engineering Analyst 1 Financial Analyst 1 Human Resources Generalist 1 Manager Accting Anal & Fm Rep 1 Manager Health/Safety/Envlmmt 1 Manager Maintenance 1 Manager Materials 2 Manager Metallurgy 3 Manager Mfg Engineering 1 Manager Personnel Admin 1 Manager Qually 2 Manufacturing Engineer 1 Mgr Plant Flnance-BIC Plant 2 Product Engineer 1 Production Coordinator 4 Quality Engineer 1 Senior Eleclrical Engineer 1 Senior Flnanciaf Analyst 1 Senior HR Rep-Plant 1 Senior Industrial Engineer 1 Senior Product Engineer 1 Staff Accountant 1 Supervisor Lean 1 Supervisor Materlal Handling 4 SupervisorProduction 1 Supervisor Toolroom 1 Tool Room Manager List of Affected UAW Positions Cold Header Setter/Operator  2  Die Turner/Machinist-Oxford  9  DTAP Operator  1  Facilities Maintenance  1  Heavy Press Operator-Oxford  69  Industrial Truck Mechanic  1  Janitor-Oxford  s  Light Machine Operator  22  Maintenance Electrician Tee-Ox  6  Maintenance Mechanical Tech-Ox  12  Material Handler  13  Press Operator  7  Quality Technician-Oxford  4  Saw Operator  7  Semi Driver  4  Tool Crib Technician  s  Page 1 