April 21, 2009 To: 	DeborahHennessey, Section Chief Rapid Repose Section Bureau of Workforce Programs RECEIVED Michigan Department of Labor & Economic Growth Victor Office Center-Fifth Floor 201 N. Washington Square APR24 2009 Lansing, Michigan 48913 RAPIDRESPONSERe: 	Notice of Noble lnternational's Planned WORKFORCEPROGRAMSLay Offs at its South Haven Plant DearMs. Hennessey, AI; you may already know, Noble International, Ltd. hasbeen engaged in various discussions regarding the potential sale of its Roll-Forming facility in South Haven. We remain hopeful that a sale can be transacted,andthat this facility can continue to operate under new ownership. However, as we have previously announced, if a sale is not successfully transacted, the facility will close altogether. Thus, we are providing you with this letter, pursuant to the Worker Adjustment and Retraining Notification (WARN) Act, 29 U.S.C. ¤ 2101 ~.¥ to notify you that, if a sale is not successfully transacted, the South Haven Facility located at 100 Veterans Blwl., South Haven Ml, 49090 will close permanently resulting in the pennanent layoff of approximately 279 union employees. At this time, if a sale is not completed, it is anticipated that thePlant would close on or before June20, 2009. A list of the affected positions in the bargaining unit and the names of the bargaining unit employees in those positions, organized by date of layoff, is attached. Bumping rights will not apply in accordance with the governing collective bargaining agreement. For further information regarding the layoffs at the South Haven Plant, please contact Sandra A. Murphree, Vice President of Human Resoun:es and Communications at {248) 519-0676. For your information, a copy of this notice is also being sent to the Mayor of the City of South Haven and to the Rapid Response Team of the Michigan Department of Labor & Economic Growth. The information and notice in this letter are based on the best information currently available. Various factors may change the timing of the layoffs of the affected bargaining unit employees. We will keep you informed of any significant changes to the information above in the event that such changes occur. Respectfully, Noble International SandraA. Murphree 
Vice President, Human Resources and Communications 
Affected positions in the bargaining unlt: Job Title  Number of Employees  Machine Operator. 139  Rolling Machine Operator. 4  Certified Roll Mill Operator. 12  Certified Press Operator. II  Advanced Roll Mill Operator. 6  Metal Surface Finisher. 47  Weld Destruct/ NDT - 3  Repair Welder. 7  Electrician- Tool &Die. 9  Machine Repair. 9  Controls Technician. 6  Machine Setup (no longer active)  Quality Technician (no longer active)  Shipping & Receiving Clerk. 8  Material Handler. 9  Plant Custodial/Janitor- General Labor. 1  