,.. Premier" September 21, 2009 Prllfflier Msnulaetur\f',9 &lpp.:,n Sorvicei, lo,. 939S KillwOOc' Road Suile 200 Mr. Brian Johnson lntematiooal Representative Cinc:1tt11ah,OH '15242 UAWR09lon 1 27800 George Merre!ll D,ive Wa<ren, Ml 48092-2767 DearMr.Johnson: NOTICE OF LAYOFF TO AFFECTED EMPLOYEES PURSUANT TO THE WORKER ADJUSTMENT ANO RURAlfflNG NOTIJIIXCATION {WARN) ACT As Premier has jest learned, our customer has made the decision to terminate their, and our1operations at Lake Orion Assembly on November 24, 2009. As a result, Premier will experience a reduction in Its workforce and employees wfl! experience permanent layoffs on or after November 24, 2009, Certain employees may experience layoffs prior to November 24, 2009 depending on our customer's needs and their notifications to us. This notice, which Is issued in compliance with the Worker Adjustment and Retralnlng Notlffcation {WARN) Act, is to Inform you that all of the employees in your bargaining unit working for Premier will be !aid off doe to the closing of the facility. The purpose of this notice is to provide you with the answers to some questions that they may h~ve regarding the layoff so that you can react accordtngly. The Information provided below represents the best information available to the company at the time this notice was issued. Please understand that, due to the unique nature of Premier's business, we are completely subject to our customer's direct.ion as to the suspension of our operations and certain emptoyees may be released earlier than the November 24, 2009 date or may be retained beyond the November 24, 2009 date. J. Is the layoff going to be permansnt or can employees expect to be recalled to employment at some time in the future? At this time, they should consider the layoff to be permanent. we are Working with our customer to determine exact date of termination and how many employees may be utilized beyond November 24, 2009, if any. 2. Do employees have any right to "bUmp" other employees from their jobs based on their seniority with the company? Premier will follow the Collectlve Bargaining Agreement terms covering bumping rights in the event of permanent layoffs. 3. Will the company be providing any severance bene"ts ta employees wha are laid off? Prem~r does not provide severance benefits to employees. Since this Is a permanent layoff {termtnatton of employment with Premier), medical benefits will cease at midnight of the last day worked. Of course, employees wit! be entitled to unemployment benefits in accordance with State of Michigan regulations, 4. Who can employees contact for further information? 
lf employees have further questions or need additional information, they may contact Scott Vandeventer at 248-3:t?-5435 ¥ 
Sincerely, RECEIVED Erwin Gebhardt OCTO 8 2009 Dlrector Laoor Relations RAPIDRE;3PQNSE WORKFORCEPROGRAMS Cc: Pat Sweeney -President Local 5960 A 'Jol!h Industrial Service Comi,a,,y 