SOUTHWEST AIRLINES CO. May4,2009 Honorable Jennifer M. Granholm Governor of the State of Michigan Re: 	Notice of Freedom '09 Voluntary Separation Program under Worker Adjustment and Retraining Notification Act, 29 U.S.C. Section 2101 Dear Governor Granholm: On April 16, 2009, in an effort to rightsize our staffing in response to Southwest Airlines' previously announced reduction in capacity during these tough economic times, Southwest announced the Freedom '09 Voluntary Separation Program, with Program Details provided to all Employees on May 4, 2009. Freedom '09 provides eligible Employees who voluntarily choose to resign their employment the opportunity for a cash bonus, medical/dental coverage continuation, and travel pass privileges for which they are eligible. Freedom '09 is not a layoff, involuntary furlough, or facility closing. Freedom '09 is not an involuntary termination. Eligible Employees may choose to participate in the Freedom '09 voluntary separation program or not. Employees who do not participate in Freedom '09 may continue their employment in their current jobs, subject to all applicable work rules, performance expectations, attendance requirements and the like. The choice of Freedom '09 is up to each eligible Employee. Given that Freedom '09 is a completely voluntary separation program, Southwest is providing this notice under the above-referenced statute, more than 60 days in advance of the first resignation date, on a voluntary basis. Eligible Employees include those hired on or before March 31, 2008; on active or on leave of absence status; and fulltime or parttime, for all Southwest Airlines' work locations including those in your state, but excluding Officers, Directors and other members of the Leadership Briefing Group, interns, short-term and/or interim staff, and staff wholly assigned to the management of the Southwest Airlines Employees Catastrophic Assistance Charity, and further excluding those whose separation from Southwest is governed by a separation agreement. Southwest operates in 32 states and 64 cities across the continental U.S. For eligible Employees who choose to participate in Freedom '09, their voluntary resignation dates will generally fall between July 31, 2009 and April 15, 2010, although business necessity and operational needs of the Company may require later resignation dates. In the event you have any questions about our Freedom '09 Voluntary Separation Program, please call or email me at the number and address above.  Sinc,,iy, 1/ s~cá  RECEIVED  JUN 09 2009  RAPID RESPONSE 
WORKFORCE PAOGRAMr..,... ¥ I STA TE OF MICHIGAN JENNIFER M. GRANHOLM OFFICE OF THE GOVERNOR JOHN D. CHERRY, JR. GOVEflNOFt LT. QOYEANOf; LANSING DELEO Oll8*1'8 Oftlc9 JUN 8 2009 Teri Cook I (! ~~).,k~ 
Department oft;b~; ~d Econdmic Growth 
611 W. Ottawa 4 .. floor 
Lansing MI 48909 
Teri: I have enclosed cases that I am referring to the Department of Labor and Economic Growth for review and response. Please "cc" me on all responses to the constituents. If you have any questions or concerns, please contact me at 335-7816 or by email: ghirmais@michigan.gov. Thanks again for your help. Selam Ghirmai 
Issue Specialist 
Office of Governor Jennifer M. Granholm 
GEORGE W. ROMNEY BUILOtNG ¥ 111 SOUTH CAPITOL AVENUE ¥ LANSlNG. MICHIGAN 48909 www.mlchiQ.an.Qov 