FOR IMMEDIATE RELEASE Contact: Jon Shaw (315) 432-6442 Carrier Corp. Restructures its Tyler Commercial Refrigeration Business in North America FARMINGTON, Conn., May 8, 2009 – Carrier Corp. announced today it will discontinue production and sale of Tyler-branded refrigeration product lines catering to food retail customers in North America. Carrier Corp. is a unit of United Technologies Corp. (NYSE:UTX). Production at the manufacturing facility in Niles, Mich., will be ramped down during the course of the year and eventually closed as existing customer orders are fulfilled. Separately, Tyler Refrigeration’s five branches and certain other assets are being acquired by Hill PHOENIX, a Dover company. “Carrier took this difficult decision after a thorough review taking into account the tough and unprecedented market conditions,” said Philippe Delpech, president, Carrier Commercial Refrigeration. “We recognize the effect of this action on our employees, their families and their communities and are committed to work with them to help ease the transition. “Carrier has a large and successful food retail refrigeration business overseas, especially in Europe and emerging markets, with industry leading products incorporating cutting edge technologies, a cost leadership position, a turnkey delivery model and strong aftermarket services,” added Delpech. “We will continue to focus on further strengthening and growing that business.”  About Carrier Corp. Carrier Corp., headquartered in Farmington, Conn., is the world’s largest provider of heating, air-conditioning and refrigeration solutions. With 2008 revenues of $14.9 billion, Carrier has approximately 41,000 employees worldwide and operations in more than 170 countries. Carrier is part of United Technologies Corp., a Hartford, Connecticut-based provider of products and services to the aerospace and building systems industries worldwide. Visit www.carrier.com for more information. About Hill PHOENIX Hill PHOENIX Inc., a Dover Company, is based in Conyers, Ga. The company designs and manufactures commercial refrigerated display merchandisers, refrigeration systems, integrated power distribution systems and walk-in coolers and freezers. Visit the company on the Web at www.hillphoenix.com or call 800.283-1109. # # # 