Thet1nderson Company
-'DuBose To :  All Anderson-DuBose  Employees  -Solon DC  ; .) -.  -... .....tá---.0  From:  Matt Liegl  -Human Resource Manager  ,....-.  á.  '  Date:  March 21 , 2012  .  f '-..} _J  Subject: Solon Facility Closure -Formal Notice > .:, :::á~ -:; . : The new Distribution Center in Lordstown continues to be on schedule to allow lJS to begin ~-:i-; receiving product in mid-April. The first routes to be distributed will be those frdn!i the ~rnijie, PA Distribution Center, so there will not be an impact on Solon workload until early June 2012 . The Worker Adjustment and Retraining Notification Act ('WARN"), requires that we notify employees or their representatives and designated local agencies if we expect a plant closing or a layoff affecting a certain number of employees for an extended period of time. Therefore, please be advised that Anderson-Du Bose Company intends to cease distribution of products from its facility located 6575 Davis Industrial Parkway Solon, Ohio 44139 on or about June 8, 2012, provided all current transition plans are able to continue forth as scheduled. At the present time, The Anderson-DuBose Company anticipates that this plant closing is permanent. As previous communication has indicated, transfer options to the new facility have been made available; however, any employee that does not accept transfer will have their position eliminated shortly after the facility closure . The company will make every effort to give advanced notice of expected timing as we get closer to the closure and transition of all inventory, equipment , and office items from the facility to the new DC in Lordstown. If certain positions covered by the collective bargaining agreement with the Local # 707 are impacted over time, seniority rules will be followed pursuant to job assignment bumping rights for continued work assignments . This notice is being sent to the Local #707 that represents some of our affected employees, and their chief elected officer as follows: John Olivario 
Business Agent I Officer 
National Production Workers Union Local# 707 
2210 Midwest Rd Suite 310 
Oak Brook, IL 60532 
The company does recognize the impact that this facility closure has for our employees who have chosen not to relocate to our new facility, and we will provide additional support for career transition near the time of the facility closure. 