Date Received  May 11, 2011  Company Name  Amherst Hospital (EMH Healthcare)  Location (City/County)  Amherst (Lorain County)  Number of Potential Affected Workers  50 to 60  Layoff Date(s)  July 11, 2011  Phone Number  (440) 329-7508  Union Affiliation  N/A  WARN Identification No.  004-10-056  Completed by:  Michelle Thompson  Department ofOhio Job and Family Services John R. Kasich, Ciovfc, r0 ;,r 
Michael B. Colbert, [l:r,,c:nr 
MEMORANDUM Date: May 11, 2011 WARN Identified Number: 004-10-056 TO: See Distribution Below* FROM: Jean Ann Carlson, Rapid Response Unit Manager Subject: WARN Notification Received For: Amherst Hospital (EMH Healthcare) The Rapid Response Section has received notice of a plant closing or mass layoff which is scheduled to occur in your region. A copy of the notice is attached and is being provided for your information and action. If you have any questions concerning this notice, please contact Michelle Thompson, Rapid Response Coordinator, at (614) 466-9289. If Michelle is not available, you may call Jean Ann Carlson, at (614) 466-9700. Distribution: Rebekah Woolley, USDOL Julie Smith, Local Operations Dawn Larzelere, Governor's Office Jeff Long, UC Bruce Madson, Assistant Director Sara Hall Phillips, UC Tony Coder, Legislation/External Affairs Pam Mason, State Veterans Program Daniel Fitzpatrick, Legislative Liaison Keith Ewald, Bureau of LMI John Weber, OWD Sue McKitrick, ODOD Stacia Edwards, Board of Regents Ben Johnson, Communications Primary Workforce Area: 004 Primary One-Stop Office: Amherst (Lorain County) Additional One-Stop Office(s): Medina & Huron Regional Rapid Response Coordinator: Daniel Koncos Attachment Office of Workforce Development 
PO. Box 1618 
4020 East Fifth Avenue 
Columhus. OH 43216-1618 
www.ifs.ohio.gov/owd EMHeHEALTHCARE 
May 6, 2011 Rapid Response Section Office of Workforce Development Ohio Department of Job & Family Services clo Ms. Jean Ann Carlson P.O. Box 1618 Columbus, Ohio 43216-1618 Dear Ms. Carlson: I wanted to make you aware of permanent staffing changes at Amherst Hospital in Amherst, Ohio. Amherst Hospital is part of EMH Healthcare, located in Elyria, Ohio. We anticipate eliminating the positions of approximately 50 to 60 staff members, both fulltime and part-time. We do however, anticipate placing some of these individuals in similar positions on our Elyria campus or somewhere in our healthcare system. We are estimating being able to place about fifty percent of this number. We met with employees this past Wednesday, May 4thand are sending them a letter to the home early in the week of May 9th_These changes are effective July 11th_ I have attached a copy of the document that was prepared by our President and Chief Executive Officer and shared with staff members as well as a draft of the letter that I am sending to the home. We will be working with each employee impacted by making sure they have an opportunity to be considered and placed into open, existing positions in our healthcare system that they may be qualified for. We are also working with a local career transition company to assist our employees in learning about best practice job search strategies. I am happy to answer any questions you may have and I can be reached at danmiller@emhrhs.org or by calling 440-329-7508. Thanks for your assistance. Sincerely, Dan Miller Vice President Human Resources cc: 	Angela Key, Director Human Resources Miranda Maynard, Supervisor Employment Pam Garcia, Employment Representative EMH ~ HEALTHCARE 
THE FUTURE DESIGN OF HEALTHCARE, THE FUTURE DESIGN OF THE EMH 
AMHERST FACILITY 
For the past 17 years Amherst Hospital has been an important part of EMH Healthcare. For the past 94 years Amherst Hospital has been an important part of the Amherst community. With this kind of legacy our mission and objective was clear: create a way to utilize the facility that will allow it to play an important role in the delivery of healthcare for years to come. We are confident our plan will help make that happen . We are one year into healthcare reform, one year into one of the most significant changes ever made to the model for the delivery of healthcare in America. To remain strong, as the model changes we must change. We must create a structure that positions us to meet the needs of patients across the continuum. All of America must do a better job of caring for patients to help prevent the need for hospitalization. For patients who need hospitalization we must learn how to safely discharge them sooner and provide post discharge care in a high quality, safe, efficient and effective manner . We are confident our plan will help make that happen. Under healthcare reform we need to have convenient access points for acute healthcare needs; there will be less need for inpatient beds (the greater Cleveland area already has less than a two-thirds utilization rate of its hospital beds); and with earlier discharges from the hospital we need to be prepared to take care of patients who require higher levels of care post discharge. We are confident our plan will help make that happen. Starting this July we will no longer provide inpatient hospital care at our Amherst facility. We will also be closing our surgery department for both inpatient and outpatient procedures. The volume of patients we care for in these two areas does not justify us continuing to provide these services in Amherst. We know this will not compromise care for local patients because there is sufficient capacity to meet these needs at our EMH Elyria Medical Center or at other hospitals in the area. The entire EMH system extends its thanks to the many skilled and caring staff at Amherst who over the years have done an exceptional job of meeting the needs of the patients and the medical staff. Your contributions have made a healthy and positive impact on the lives you have touched. To the loyal patients who have used Amherst over the years we extend a most sincere thank you. To the loyal physicians who have served patients at Amherst for many years we thank you for your outstanding dedication and service. We welcome you to our EMH Elyria Medical Center campus for your inpatient and surgical needs and hope you give us the opportunity to continue meeting your needs there. And now let us set our vision on the future. First of all, we will continue to provide a 24 hour a day, 365 days per year full service emergency department at Amherst. Last year we serviced 15,213 emergency patients at Amherst. We know with the changes healthcare reform will bring the number we need to serve will likely grow for years to come. As with other "free standing" emergency departments, such as the one we operate in Avon, patients requiring hospitalization can be safely transported to other hospitals for admission. We will continue to provide outpatient laboratory and imaging (i.e. X-ray) services at our Amherst facility. This helps ensure easy access to these commonly needed services for patients in Amherst and the surrounding communities. Our second floor will continue to house The Specialty Hospital of Lorain which is a long term acute care facility. It serves the needs of patients stable enough to be discharged from the hospital but who require more intensive services than can be provided in a skilled nursing facility (nursing home). Other services that will remain on the Amherst campus include: pharmacy, patient registration, environmental services, dietary services, maintenance, and security services. Central supply and rehabilitative services will move to the Elyria campus. Our highly acclaimed orthopedic totai joint replacement service, also known as ''Joint Camp", will be added to our already strong orthopedic service in Elyria. We will continue to provide the same high level of clinical outcomes and service to our joint replacement patients while at the same time benefiting from the improved efficiencies of combining our orthopedic surgical services together under one roof. Likewise, our successful Acute Care for the Elderly (ACE) unit, an inpatient unit designed to meet the special needs of elderly patients requiring hospitalization, will be combined with our ACE unit in Elyria. The space previously occupied by the medical surgical unit on the third floor, as well as the Joint Camp and much of the surgical area on the first floor will be converted to support a skilled nursing facility. Depending on the final design chosen, it will be able to accommodate between 40-60 nursing home type beds. The unique combination of services that will be positioned at the Amherst facility will provide for enhanced flexibility, efficiencies, and safety for patients requiring extended post hospital care. By being located within the same building as an emergency department, laboratory, and imaging services these patients will have immediate access to higher levels of service than are available at most other skilled nursing and long term acute care facilities. No transition plan comes without its difficulties and challenges. With the temporary closing of several areas at Amherst there will unfortunately be some loss of jobs. We have done everything possible to keep that number to a minimum but know any job lost is a hardship to those affected. To help minimize the impact, many of the employees displaced at Amherst will have the opportunity to apply for open positions in Elyria. Of the 40 full and part time employees who will have their positions impacted, as many as half are qualified for positions on the EMH Elyria Medical Center campus. For those not so fortunate or those that choose to go elsewhere we will provide severance packages and career transition services. Once renovation of Amherst is completed in the first quarter of 2012 and the new operations are in full swing, an estimated 80-100 new jobs will be created on that campus. And most importantly, the Amherst facility will be well positioned for long term success under the new model for the delivery of healthcare in America and remain an important asset to the Amherst community. EMHeHEALTHCARE 
DRAFT May 6, 2011 Name Address City, State, Zip Dear On May 41h, Dr. Don Sheldon and members of the EMH Healthcare Leadership Team met with Amherst Hospital employees to discuss the changes that will be occurring on the Amherst campus, effective July 11, 2011. These changes are a response to challenges we face in a very competitive healthcare market made even more difficult by ongoing healthcare reform. The board of directors of EMH Healthcare's parent company, Comprehensive Healthcare of Ohio, Inc., has approved a transitional plan for Amherst Hospital that will result in permanent job changes for Amherst staff. A summary of this plan is as follows: ¥ 	The emergency department will continue to remain open 24 hours per day, 7 days per week, and provide emergency care by our physicians, nurses and technicians. There will be no job eliminations in this department and instead will be adding 4.2 FTEs to this department. ¥ 	The emergency room will continue to be supported by outpatient laboratory and radiology services, as well as our pharmacy on the Amherst campus. We are expecting schedule and FTE changes in radiology services that will be determined in the near future. ¥ 	All inpatients will be cared for on the EMH Elyria Medical Center campus as the Amherst campus will no longer provide in-patient care. The space on the third floor at Amherst will be leased by a skilled nursing facility beginning in early 2012. ¥ 	The Acute Care for the Elderly (ACE) unit at Amherst will close and patients will have access to a similar ACE unit located on the 11th floor of Smythe Tower at EMH Elyria Medical Center. All Nursing positions (RNs, LPNs, PCT/US) on the third floor will be eliminated. However, many similar positions exist on the Elyria campus for Amherst employees to consider. ¥ 	All Perioperative Services including ACC, PACU, PAT, and Surgery will be moving to the Elyria campus with FTE reductions in the LPN job title and open/vacant RN positions. ¥ 	The "Joint Camp" will move to EMH Elyria Medical Center and will open in July. The interview process will be underway in the near future and it is expected that all Amherst Joint Camp employees will have positions if interested. ¥ 	Rehab services will be transferring to the Elyria campus to support the Joint Camp and other inpatients with possible slight reductions to FTE values. ¥ 	Other services that will remain on the Amherst campus include: patient registration, maintenance, and security services. There are no job eliminations planned in these departments but possibly schedule changes and minor FTE reductions in some instances. ¥ 	CS services and staff will be transitioning to the Elyria campus and providing services from EMH Elyria Medical Center with on-site support at Amherst as needed. ¥ 	Health Information Services (Medical Records) will transition to the EMH Elyria campus in late 2011. At this time, the positions on the Amherst campus will be eliminated. ¥ 	QNCase Management and Social Work staff will transfer to the Elyria campus. ¥ 	Dietary and Environmental Services will continue to be provided on the Amherst campus but determining how to best provide these services is still under review. We will meet with employees once a decision has been made. ¥ 	Specialty Hospital of Lorain -a long term care facility -which currently occupies the 2nct floor of Amherst Hospital will continue to provide services for residents of the Amherst community. Over the next two months, the Human Resources Department and Leadership Team will be working with all Amherst employees who will be impacted by these changes. We will also be offering professional job search assistance provided by a career transition organization, called Ratliff & Taylor based in Independence, Ohio. This will include offering assistance to develop a professional resume as well as learning about strategies to conduct an effective job search. If you are impacted by the changes noted, I would encourage you to contact either Pam Garcia, Employment Representative at 329-7615 pgarcia@emhrhs.org or Miranda Maynard, Employment Supervisor at 329-7484 or mmaynard@emhrhs.org. You can also access the website www.emh.jobs to look at any open positions you may be qualified for. In closing, we have much to be proud of regarding the care and service that has and is being provided on our Amherst campus. We could not have accomplished this without the many dedicated and loyal Amherst Hospital employees that we employ. We are committed to working with the employees who are impacted by these recent decisions to find a position or a solution that is right for them. We appreciate your support and patience during this transition period. If you have any questions about how these decisions impact you, please contact me at the below listed contact information. Sincerely, Dan Miller Vice President Human Resources danmiller@emhrhs.org (440) 329-7508 